Gen 1:22 And God blessed them, saying, "Be fruitful and multiply and fill the waters in the seas, and let birds multiply on the earth."
Gen 1:28 And God blessed them. And God said to them, "Be fruitful and multiply and fill the earth and subdue it and have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the heavens and over every living thing that moves on the earth."
Gen 2:3 So God blessed the seventh day and made it holy, because on it God rested from all his work that he had done in creation.
Gen 5:2 Male and female he created them, and he blessed them and named them Man when they were created.
Gen 9:1 And God blessed Noah and his sons and said to them, "Be fruitful and multiply and fill the earth.
Gen 9:26 He also said, "Blessed be the LORD, the God of Shem; and let Canaan be his servant.
Gen 12:2 And I will make of you a great nation, and I will bless you and make your name great, so that you will be a blessing.
Gen 12:3 I will bless those who bless you, and him who dishonors you I will curse, and in you all the families of
the earth shall be blessed."Gen 12:4 So Abram went, as the LORD had told him, and Lot went with him. Abram was seventy-five years old when he departed from Haran.
Gen 14:19 And he blessed him and said, "Blessed be Abram by God Most High, Possessor of heaven and earth;
Gen 14:20 and blessed be God Most High, who has delivered your enemies into your hand!" And Abram gave him a tenth of everything.
Gen 17:16 I will bless her, and moreover, I will give you a son by her. I will bless her, and she shall become nations; kings of peoples shall come from her."
Gen 17:20 As for Ishmael, I have heard you; behold, I have blessed him and will make him fruitful and multiply him greatly. He shall father twelve princes, and I will make him into a great nation.
Gen 18:18 seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him?
Gen 22:17 I will surely bless you, and I will surely multiply your offspring as the stars of heaven and as the sand that is on the seashore. And your offspring shall possess the gate of his enemies,
Gen 22:18 and in your offspring shall all the nations of the earth be blessed, because you have obeyed my voice."
Gen 24:1 Now Abraham was old, well advanced in years. And the LORD had blessed Abraham in all things.
Gen 24:27 and said, "Blessed be the LORD, the God of my master Abraham, who has not forsaken his steadfast love and his faithfulness toward my master. As for me, the LORD has led me in the way to the house of my master's kinsmen."
Gen 24:31 He said, "Come in, O blessed of the LORD. Why do you stand outside? For I have prepared the house and a place for the camels."
Gen 24:35 The LORD has greatly blessed my master, and he has become great. He has given him flocks and herds, silver and gold, male servants and female servants, camels and donkeys.
Gen 24:48 Then I bowed my head and worshiped the LORD and blessed the LORD, the God of my master
Gen 24:60 And they blessed Rebekah and said to her, "Our sister, may you become thousands of ten thousands, and may your offspring possess the gate of those who hate them!"
Gen 25:11 After the death of Abraham, God blessed Isaac his son. And Isaac settled at Beer-lahai-roi.
Gen 26:3 Sojourn in this land, and I will be with you and will bless you, for to you and to your offspring I will give all these lands, and I will establish the oath that I swore to Abraham your father.
Gen 26:4 I will multiply your offspring as the stars of heaven and will give to your offspring all these lands. And in your offspring all the nations of the earth shall be blessed,
Gen 26:12 And Isaac sowed in that land and reaped in the same year a hundredfold. The LORD blessed him,
Gen 26:24 And the LORD appeared to him the same night and said, "I am the God of Abraham your father. Fear not, for I am with you and will bless you and multiply your offspring for my servant Abraham's sake."
Gen 26:29 that you will do us no harm, just as we have not touched you and have done to you nothing but good and have sent you away in peace. You are now the blessed of the LORD."
Gen 27:4 and prepare for me delicious food, such as I love, and bring it to me so that I may eat, that my soul may bless you before I die."
Gen 27:7 'Bring me game and prepare for me delicious food, that I may eat it and bless you before the LORD before I die.'
Gen 27:10 And you shall bring it to your father to eat, so that he may bless you before he dies."
Gen 27:12 Perhaps my father will feel me, and I shall seem to be mocking him and bring a curse upon myself and not a blessing."
Gen 27:19 Jacob said to his father, "I am Esau your firstborn. I have done as you told me; now sit up and eat of my game, that your soul may bless me."
Gen 27:23 And he did not recognize him, because his hands were hairy like his brother Esau's hands. So he blessed him.
Gen 27:25 Then he said, "Bring it near to me, that I may eat of my son's game and bless you." So he brought it near to him, and he ate; and he brought him wine, and he drank.
Gen 27:27 So he came near and kissed him. And Isaac smelled the smell of his garments and blessed him and said, "See, the smell of my son is as the smell of a field that the LORD has blessed!
Gen 27:29 Let peoples serve you, and nations bow down to you. Be lord over your brothers, and may your mother's sons bow down to you. Cursed be everyone who curses you, and blessed be everyone who blesses you!"
Gen 27:30 As soon as Isaac had finished blessing Jacob, when Jacob had scarcely gone out from the presence of Isaac his father, Esau his brother came in from his hunting.
Gen 27:31 He also prepared delicious food and brought it to his father. And he said to his father, "Let my father arise and eat of his son's game, that you may bless me."
Gen 27:33 Then Isaac trembled very violently and said, "Who was it then that hunted game and brought it to me, and I ate it all before you came, and I have blessed him? Yes, and he shall be blessed."
Gen 27:34 As soon as Esau heard the words of his father, he cried out with an exceedingly great and bitter cry and said to his father, "Bless me, even me also, O my father!"
Gen 27:35 But he said, "Your brother came deceitfully, and he has taken away your blessing."
Gen 27:36 Esau said, "Is he not rightly named Jacob? For he has cheated me these two times. He took away my birthright, and behold, now he has taken away my blessing." Then he said, "Have you not reserved a blessing for me?"
Gen 27:38 Esau said to his father, "Have you but one blessing, my father? Bless me, even me also, O my father." And Esau lifted up his voice and wept.
Gen 27:41 Now Esau hated Jacob because of the blessing with which his father had blessed him, and Esau said to himself, "The days of mourning for my father are approaching; then I will kill my brother Jacob."
Gen 28:1 Then Isaac called Jacob and blessed him and directed him, "You must not take a wife from the Canaanite women.
Gen 28:3 God Almighty bless you and make you fruitful and multiply you, that you may become a company of peoples.
Gen 28:4 May he give the blessing of Abraham to you and to your offspring with you, that you may take possession of the land of your sojournings that God gave to Abraham!"
Gen 28:6 Now Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob and sent him away to Paddan-aram to take a wife from
there, and that as he blessed him he directed him, "You must not take a wife from the Canaanite women,"Gen 28:7 and that Jacob had obeyed his father and his mother and gone to Paddan-aram.
Gen 28:14 Your offspring shall be like the dust of the earth, and you shall spread abroad to the west and to the east and to the north and to the south, and in you and your offspring shall all the families of the earth be blessed.
Gen 30:27 But Laban said to him, "If I have found favor in your sight, I have learned by divination that the LORD has blessed me because of you.
Gen 30:30 For you had little before I came, and it has increased abundantly, and the LORD has blessed you wherever I turned. But now when shall I provide for my own household also?"
Gen 31:55 Early in the morning Laban arose and kissed his grandchildren and his daughters and blessed them. Then Laban departed and returned home.
Gen 32:26 Then he said, "Let me go, for the day has broken." But Jacob said, "I will not let you go unless youbless me."
Gen 32:29 Then Jacob asked him, "Please tell me your name." But he said, "Why is it that you ask my name?" And there he blessed him.
Gen 33:11 Please accept my blessing that is brought to you, because God has dealt graciously with me, and because I have enough." Thus he urged him, and he took it.
name Allon-bacuth.Gen 35:9 God appeared to Jacob again, when he came from Paddan-aram, and blessed him.
Gen 39:5 From the time that he made him overseer in his house and over all that he had the LORD blessed the Egyptian's house for Joseph's sake; the blessing of the LORD was on all that he had, in house and field.
Gen 47:7 Then Joseph brought in Jacob his father and stood him before Pharaoh, and Jacob blessed Pharaoh.
Gen 47:10 And Jacob blessed Pharaoh and went out from the presence of Pharaoh.
Gen 48:3 And Jacob said to Joseph, "God Almighty appeared to me at Luz in the land of Canaan and blessed me,
Gen 48:9 Joseph said to his father, "They are my sons, whom God has given me here." And he said, "Bring them to me, please, that I may bless them."
Gen 48:15 And he blessed Joseph and said, "The God before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac walked, the God who has been my shepherd all my life long to this day,
Gen 48:16 the angel who has redeemed me from all evil, bless the boys; and in them let my name be carried on, and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac; and let them grow into a multitude in the midst of the earth."
Gen 48:20 So he blessed them that day, saying, "By you Israel will pronounce blessings, saying, 'God make you as Ephraim and as Manasseh.'"Thus he put Ephraim before Manasseh.
Gen 49:25 by the God of your father who will help you, by the Almighty who will bless you with blessings of heaven above, blessings of the deep that crouches beneath, blessings of the breasts and of the womb.
Gen 49:26 The blessings of your father are mighty beyond the blessings of my parents, up to the bounties of the everlasting hills. May they be on the head of Joseph, and on the brow of him who was set apart from his brothers.
Gen 49:28 All these are the twelve tribes of Israel. This is what their father said to them as he blessed them, blessing each with the blessing suitable to him.
Exo 12:32 Take your flocks and your herds, as you have said, and be gone, and bless me also!"
Exo 18:10 Jethro said, "Blessed be the LORD, who has delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians and out of the hand of Pharaoh and has delivered the people from under the hand of the Egyptians.
Exo 20:11 For in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that is in them, and rested theseventh day. Therefore the LORD blessed the Sabbath day and made it holy.
Exo 20:24 An altar of earth you shall make for me and sacrifice on it your burnt offerings and your peace offerings, your sheep and your oxen. In every place where I cause my name to be remembered I will come to you and bless you.
Exo 23:25 You shall serve the LORD your God, and he will bless your bread and your water, and I will take
Exo 32:29 And Moses said, "Today you have been ordained for the service of the LORD, each one at the cost of his son and of his brother, so that he might bestow a blessing upon you this day."
Exo 39:43 And Moses saw all the work, and behold, they had done it; as the LORD had commanded, so had they done it. Then Moses blessed them.
Lev 9:22 Then Aaron lifted up his hands toward the people and blessed them, and he came down from offering the sin offering and the burnt offering and the peace offerings.
Lev 9:23 And Moses and Aaron went into the tent of meeting, and when they came out they blessed the people, and the glory of the LORD appeared to all the people.
Lev 25:21 I will command my blessing on you in the sixth year, so that it will produce a crop sufficient for three years.
Num 6:23 "Speak to Aaron and his sons, saying, Thus you shall bless the people of Israel: you shall say to them,
Num 6:24 The LORD bless you and keep you;
Num 6:27 "So shall they put my name upon the people of Israel, and I will bless them."
Num 22:6 Come now, curse this people for me, since they are too mighty for me. Perhaps I shall be able to defeat them and drive them from the land, for I know that he whom you bless is blessed, and he whom you curse is cursed."
Num 22:12 God said to Balaam, "You shall not go with them. You shall not curse the people, for they are blessed."
Num 23:11 And Balak said to Balaam, "What have you done to me? I took you to curse my enemies, and behold, you have done nothing but bless them."
Num 23:20 Behold, I received a command to bless: he has blessed, and I cannot revoke it.
Num 23:25 And Balak said to Balaam, "Do not curse them at all, and do not bless them at all."
Num 24:1 When Balaam saw that it pleased the LORD to bless Israel, he did not go, as at other times, to look for omens, but set his face toward the wilderness.
Num 24:9 He crouched, he lay down like a lion and like a lioness; who will rouse him up? Blessed are those who bless you, and cursed are those who curse you."
Num 24:10 And Balak's anger was kindled against Balaam, and he struck his hands together. And Balak said to Balaam, "I called you to curse my enemies, and behold, you have blessed them these three times.
Deu 1:11 May the LORD, the God of your fathers, make you a thousand times as many as you are and bless you, as he has promised you!
Deu 2:7 For the LORD your God has blessed you in all the work of your hands. He knows your going through this great wilderness. These forty years the LORD your God has been with you. You have lacked nothing."'
the covenant and the steadfast love that he swore to your fathers.Deu 7:13 He will love you, bless you, and multiply you. He will also bless the fruit of your womb and the fruit of your ground, your grain and your wine and your oil, the increase of your herds and the young of your flock, in the land that he swore to your fathers to give you.
Deu 7:14 You shall be blessed above all peoples. There shall not be male or female barren among you or among your livestock.
Deu 8:10 And you shall eat and be full, and you shall bless the LORD your God for the good land he has given you.
Deu 10:8 At that time the LORD set apart the tribe of Levi to carry the ark of the covenant of the LORD to stand before the LORD to minister to him and to bless in his name, to this day.
Deu 11:26 "See, I am setting before you today a blessing and a curse:
Deu 11:27 the blessing, if you obey the commandments of the LORD your God, which I command you today,
Deu 11:29 And when the LORD your God brings you into the land that you are entering to take possession of it, you shall set the blessing on Mount Gerizim and the curse on Mount Ebal.
Deu 12:7 And there you shall eat before the LORD your God, and you shall rejoice, you and your households, in all that you undertake, in which the LORD your God has blessed you.
Deu 12:15 "However, you may slaughter and eat meat within any of your towns, as much as you desire, according to the blessing of the LORD your God that he has given you. The unclean and the clean may eat of it, as of the gazelle and as of the deer.
Deu 14:24 And if the way is too long for you, so that you are not able to carry the tithe, when the LORD your God blesses you, because the place is too far from you, which the LORD your God chooses, to set his name there,
Deu 14:29 And the Levite, because he has no portion or inheritance with you, and the sojourner, the fatherless, and the widow, who are within your towns, shall come and eat and be filled, that the LORD your God may bless you in all the work of your hands that you do.
Deu 15:4 But there will be no poor among you; for the LORD will bless you in the land that the LORD your God
Deu 15:6 For the LORD your God will bless you, as he promised you, and you shall lend to many nations, but you shall not borrow, and you shall rule over many nations, but they shall not rule over you.
Deu 15:10 You shall give to him freely, and your heart shall not be grudging when you give to him, because for this the LORD your God will bless you in all your work and in all that you undertake.
Deu 15:14 You shall furnish him liberally out of your flock, out of your threshing floor, and out of your winepress. As the LORD your God has blessed you, you shall give to him.
Deu 15:18 It shall not seem hard to you when you let him go free from you, for at half the cost of a hired servant he has served you six years. So the LORD your God will bless you in all that you do.
Deu 16:10 Then you shall keep the Feast of Weeks to the LORD your God with the tribute of a freewill offering from your hand, which you shall give as the LORD your God blesses you.
Deu 16:15 For seven days you shall keep the feast to the LORD your God at the place that the LORD will choose, because the LORD your God will bless you in all your produce and in all the work of your hands, so that you will be altogether joyful.
Deu 16:17 Every man shall give as he is able, according to the blessing of the LORD your God that he has given you.
Deu 21:5 Then the priests, the sons of Levi, shall come forward, for the LORD your God has chosen them to minister to him and to bless in the name of the LORD, and by their word every dispute and every assault shall be settled.
Deu 23:5 But the LORD your God would not listen to Balaam; instead the LORD your God turned the curse into a blessing for you, because the LORD your God loved you.
Deu 23:20 You may charge a foreigner interest, but you may not charge your brother interest, that the LORD your God may bless you in all that you undertake in the land that you are entering to take possession of it.
Deu 24:13 You shall restore to him the pledge as the sun sets, that he may sleep in his cloak and bless you. And it shall be righteousness for you before the LORD your God.
Deu 24:19 "When you reap your harvest in your field and forget a sheaf in the field, you shall not go back to get it. It shall be for the sojourner, the fatherless, and the widow, that the LORD your God may bless you in all the work of your hands.
Deu 26:15 Look down from your holy habitation, from heaven, and bless your people Israel and the ground that you have given us, as you swore to our fathers, a land flowing with milk and honey.'
Deu 27:12 "When you have crossed over the Jordan, these shall stand on Mount Gerizim to bless the people: Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, Joseph, and Benjamin.
Deu 28:2 And all these blessings shall come upon you and overtake you, if you obey the voice of the LORD your God.
Deu 28:3 Blessed shall you be in the city, and blessed shall you be in the field.
Deu 28:4 Blessed shall be the fruit of your womb and the fruit of your ground and the fruit of your cattle, the increase of your herds and the young of your flock.
Deu 28:5 Blessed shall be your basket and your kneading bowl.
Deu 28:6 Blessed shall you be when you come in, and blessed shall you be when you go out.
Deu 28:8 The LORD will command the blessing on you in your barns and in all that you undertake. And he will bless you in the land that the LORD your God is giving you.
Deu 28:12 The LORD will open to you his good treasury, the heavens, to give the rain to your land in its season and to bless all the work of your hands. And you shall lend to many nations, but you shall not borrow.
Deu 29:19 one who, when he hears the words of this sworn covenant, blesses himself in his heart, saying, 'I shall be safe, though I walk in the stubbornness of my heart.' This will lead to the sweeping away of moist and dry alike.
Deu 30:1 "And when all these things come upon you, the blessing and the curse, which I have set before you, and you call them to mind among all the nations where the LORD your God has driven you,
Deu 30:16 If you obey the commandments of the LORD your God that I command you today, by loving the LORD your God, by walking in his ways, and by keeping his commandments and his statutes and his rules, then you shall live and multiply, and the LORD your God will bless you in the land that you are entering to take possession of it.
Deu 30:19 I call heaven and earth to witness against you today, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and curse. Therefore choose life, that you and your offspring may live,
Deu 33:1 This is the blessing with which Moses the man of God blessed the people of Israel before his death.
Deu 33:11 Bless, O LORD, his substance, and accept the work of his hands; crush the loins of his adversaries, of those who hate him, that they rise not again."
Deu 33:13 And of Joseph he said, "Blessed by the LORD be his land, with the choicest gifts of heaven above, and of the deep that crouches beneath,
Deu 33:20 And of Gad he said, "Blessed be he who enlarges Gad! Gad crouches like a lion; he tears off arm and scalp.
Deu 33:23 And of Naphtali he said, "O Naphtali, sated with favor, and full of the blessing of the LORD, possess the lake and the south."
Deu 33:24 And of Asher he said, "Most blessed of sons be Asher; let him be the favorite of his brothers, and let him dip his foot in oil.
Jos 8:33 And all Israel, sojourner as well as native born, with their elders and officers and their judges, stood on opposite sides of the ark before the Levitical priests who carried the ark of the covenant of the LORD, half of them in front of Mount Gerizim and half of them in front of Mount Ebal, just as Moses the servant of the LORD had commanded at the first, to bless the people of Israel.
Jos 8:34 And afterward he read all the words of the law, the blessing and the curse, according to all that is written in the Book of the Law.
Jos 14:13 Then Joshua blessed him, and he gave Hebron to Caleb the son of Jephunneh for an inheritance.
Jos 15:19 She said to him, "Give me a blessing. Since you have given me the land of the Negeb, give me also springs of water." And he gave her the upper springs and the lower springs.
Jos 17:14 Then the people of Joseph spoke to Joshua, saying, "Why have you given me but one lot and one portion as an inheritance, although I am a numerous people, since all along the LORD has blessed me?"
Jos 22:6 So Joshua blessed them and sent them away, and they went to their tents.
Jos 22:7 Now to the one half of the tribe of Manasseh Moses had given a possession in Bashan, but to the other half Joshua had given a possession beside their brothers in the land west of the Jordan. And when Joshua sent them away to their homes and blessed them,
Jos 22:33 And the report was good in the eyes of the people of Israel. And the people of Israel blessed God and spoke no more of making war against them to destroy the land where the people of Reuben and the people of Gad were settled.
Jos 24:10 but I would not listen to Balaam. Indeed, he blessed you. So I delivered you out of his hand.
Jdg 1:15 She said to him, "Give me a blessing. Since you have set me in the land of the Negeb, give me also springs of water." And Caleb gave her the upper springs and the lower springs.
Jdg 5:2 "That the leaders took the lead in Israel, that the people offered themselves willingly, bless the LORD!
Jdg 5:9 My heart goes out to the commanders of Israel who offered themselves willingly among the people. Bless the LORD.
Jdg 5:24 "Most blessed of women be Jael, the wife of Heber the Kenite, of tent-dwelling women most blessed.
Jdg 13:24 And the woman bore a son and called his name Samson. And the young man grew, and the LORD blessed him.
Jdg 17:2 And he said to his mother, "The 1,100 pieces of silver that were taken from you, about which youuttered a curse, and also spoke it in my ears, behold, the silver is with me; I took it." And his mother said, "Blessed be my son by the LORD."
Rut 2:4 And behold, Boaz came from Bethlehem. And he said to the reapers, "The LORD be with you!" And they answered, "The LORD bless you."
Rut 2:19 And her mother-in-law said to her, "Where did you glean today? And where have you worked? Blessed be the man who took notice of you." So she told her mother-in-law with whom she had worked and said, "The man's name with whom I worked today is Boaz."
Rut 2:20 And Naomi said to her daughter-in-law, "May he be blessed by the LORD, whose kindness has not forsaken the living or the dead!" Naomi also said to her, "The man is a close relative of ours, one of our redeemers."
Rut 3:10 And he said, "May you be blessed by the LORD, my daughter. You have made this last kindness greater than the first in that you have not gone after young men, whether poor or rich.
Rut 4:14 Then the women said to Naomi, "Blessed be the LORD, who has not left you this day without a redeemer, and may his name be renowned in Israel!
1Sa 2:20 Then Eli would bless Elkanah and his wife, and say, "May the LORD give you children by this woman for the petition she asked of the LORD." So then they would return to their home.
1Sa 9:13 As soon as you enter the city you will find him, before he goes up to the high place to eat. For the people will not eat till he comes, since he must bless the sacrifice; afterward those who are invited will eat. Now go up, for you will meet him immediately."
1Sa 15:13 And Samuel came to Saul, and Saul said to him, "Blessed be you to the LORD. I have performed the commandment of the LORD."
1Sa 23:21 And Saul said, "May you be blessed by the LORD, for you have had compassion on me.
1Sa 25:32 And David said to Abigail, "Blessed be the LORD, the God of Israel, who sent you this day to meet me!
1Sa 25:33 Blessed be your discretion, and blessed be you, who have kept me this day from bloodguilt and from avenging myself with my own hand!
1Sa 25:39 When David heard that Nabal was dead, he said, "Blessed be the LORD who has avenged the insult I received at the hand of Nabal, and has kept back his servant from wrongdoing. The LORD has returned the evil of Nabal on his own head." Then David sent and spoke to Abigail, to take her as his wife.
1Sa 26:25 Then Saul said to David, "Blessed be you, my son David! You will do many things and will succeed in them." So David went his way, and Saul returned to his place.
2Sa 2:5 David sent messengers to the men of Jabesh-gilead and said to them, "May you be blessed by the LORD, because you showed this loyalty to Saul your lord and buried him.
2Sa 6:11 And the ark of the LORD remained in the house of Obed-edom the Gittite three months, and the LORD blessed Obed-edom and all his household.
2Sa 6:12 And it was told King David, "The LORD has blessed the household of Obed-edom and all that belongs to him, because of the ark of God." So David went and brought up the ark of God from the house of Obed-edom to the city of David with rejoicing.
2Sa 6:18 And when David had finished offering the burnt offerings and the peace offerings, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD of hosts
2Sa 6:20 And David returned to bless his household. But Michal the daughter of Saul came out to meet David and said, "How the king of Israel honored himself today, uncovering himself today before the eyes of his servants' female servants, as one of the vulgar fellows shamelessly uncovers himself!"
2Sa 7:29 Now therefore may it please you to bless the house of your servant, so that it may continue forever before you. For you, O Lord GOD, have spoken, and with your blessing shall the house of your servant be blessed forever."
2Sa 8:10 Toi sent his son Joram to King David, to ask about his health and to bless him because he had fought against Hadadezer and defeated him, for Hadadezer had often been at war with Toi. And Joram brought with him articles of silver, of gold, and of bronze.
2Sa 13:25 But the king said to Absalom, "No, my son, let us not all go, lest we be burdensome to you." He pressed him, but he would not go but gave him his blessing.
2Sa 14:22 And Joab fell on his face to the ground and paid homage and blessed the king. And Joab said, "Today your servant knows that I have found favor in your sight, my lord the king, in that the king has granted the request of his servant."
2Sa 18:28 Then Ahimaaz cried out to the king, "All is well." And he bowed before the king with his face to the earth and said, "Blessed be the LORD your God, who has delivered up the men who raised their hand against my lord the king."
2Sa 19:39 Then all the people went over the Jordan, and the king went over. And the king kissed Barzillai and blessed him, and he returned to his own home.
2Sa 21:3 And David said to the Gibeonites, "What shall I do for you? And how shall I make atonement, that you may bless the heritage of the LORD?"
2Sa 22:47 "The LORD lives, and blessed be my rock, and exalted be my God, the rock of my salvation,
1Ki 1:48 And the king also said, 'Blessed be the LORD, the God of Israel, who has granted someone to sit on my throne this day, my own eyes seeing it.'"
1Ki 2:45 But King Solomon shall be blessed, and the throne of David shall be established before the LORD forever."
1Ki 5:7 As soon as Hiram heard the words of Solomon, he rejoiced greatly and said, "Blessed be the LORD this day, who has given to David a wise son to be over this great people."
1Ki 8:14 Then the king turned around and blessed all the assembly of Israel, while all the assembly of Israel stood.
1Ki 8:15 And he said, "Blessed be the LORD, the God of Israel, who with his hand has fulfilled what he promised with his mouth to David my father, saying,
of the LORD, where he had knelt with hands outstretched toward heaven.1Ki 8:55 And he stood and blessed all the assembly of Israel with a loud voice, saying,
1Ki 8:56 "Blessed be the LORD who has given rest to his people Israel, according to all that he promised. Not one word has failed of all his good promise, which he spoke by Moses his servant.
1Ki 8:66 On the eighth day he sent the people away, and they blessed the king and went to their homes joyful and glad of heart for all the goodness that the LORD had shown to David his servant and to Israel his people.
1Ki 10:9 Blessed be the LORD your God, who has delighted in you and set you on the throne of Israel! Because the LORD loved Israel forever, he has made you king, that you may execute justice and righteousness."
1Ch 4:10 Jabez called upon the God of Israel, saying, "Oh that you would bless me and enlarge my border, and that your hand might be with me, and that you would keep me from harm so that it might not bring me pain!" And God granted what he asked.
1Ch 13:14 And the ark of God remained with the household of Obed-edom in his house three months. And the LORD blessed the household of Obed-edom and all that he had.
1Ch 16:2 And when David had finished offering the burnt offerings and the peace offerings, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD
1Ch 16:36 Blessed be the LORD, the God of Israel, from everlasting to everlasting!" Then all the people said, "Amen!" and praised the LORD.
1Ch 16:43 Then all the people departed each to his house, and David went home to bless his household.
1Ch 17:27 Now you have been pleased to bless the house of your servant, that it may continue forever before you, for it is you, O LORD, who have blessed, and it is blessed forever."
1Ch 18:10 he sent his son Hadoram to King David, to ask about his health and to bless him because he had fought against Hadadezer and defeated him; for Hadadezer had often been at war with Tou. And he sent all sorts of articles of gold, of silver, and of bronze.
1Ch 23:13 The sons of Amram: Aaron and Moses. Aaron was set apart to dedicate the most holy things, that he and his sons forever should make offerings before the LORD and minister to him and pronounce blessings in his name forever.
1Ch 26:5 Ammiel the sixth, Issachar the seventh, Peullethai the eighth, for God blessed him.
1Ch 29:10 Therefore David blessed the LORD in the presence of all the assembly. And David said: "Blessed are you, O LORD, the God of Israel our father, forever and ever.
1Ch 29:20 Then David said to all the assembly, "Bless the LORD your God." And all the assembly blessed the LORD, the God of their fathers, and bowed their heads and paid homage to the LORD and to the king.
2Ch 2:12 Hiram also said, "Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, who made heaven and earth, who has given King David a wise son, who has discretion and understanding, who will build a temple for the LORD and a royal palace for himself.
2Ch 6:3 Then the king turned around and blessed all the assembly of Israel, while all the assembly of Israel stood.
2Ch 6:4 And he said, "Blessed be the LORD, the God of Israel, who with his hand has fulfilled what he promised with his mouth to David my father, saying,
2Ch 9:8 Blessed be the LORD your God, who has delighted in you and set you on his throne as king for the LORD your God! Because your God loved Israel and would establish them forever, he has made you king over them, that you may execute justice and righteousness."
2Ch 20:26 On the fourth day they assembled in the Valley of Beracah, for there they blessed the LORD. Therefore the name of that place has been called the Valley of Beracah to this day.
2Ch 30:27 Then the priests and the Levites arose and blessed the people, and their voice was heard, and their prayer came to his holy habitation in heaven.
2Ch 31:8 When Hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps, they blessed the LORD and his people Israel.
2Ch 31:10 Azariah the chief priest, who was of the house of Zadok, answered him, "Since they began to bring the contributions into the house of the LORD, we have eaten and had enough and have plenty left, for the LORD has blessed his people, so that we have this large amount left."
Ezr 7:27 Blessed be the LORD, the God of our fathers, who put such a thing as this into the heart of the king, to beautify the house of the LORD that is in Jerusalem,
Neh 8:6 And Ezra blessed the LORD, the great God, and all the people answered, "Amen, Amen," lifting up their hands. And they bowed their heads and worshiped the LORD with their faces to the ground.
Neh 9:5 Then the Levites, Jeshua, Kadmiel, Bani, Hashabneiah, Sherebiah, Hodiah, Shebaniah, and Pethahiah, said, "Stand up and bless the LORD your God from everlasting to everlasting. Blessed be your glorious name, which is exalted above all blessing and praise.
Neh 11:2 And the people blessed all the men who willingly offered to live in Jerusalem.
Neh 13:2 for they did not meet the people of Israel with bread and water, but hired Balaam against them to curse them- yet our God turned the curse into a blessing.
Job 1:10 Have you not put a hedge around him and his house and all that he has, on every side? You have blessed the work of his hands, and his possessions have increased in the land.
Job 1:21 And he said, "Naked I came from my mother's womb, and naked shall I return. The LORD gave, and the LORD has taken away; blessed be the name of the LORD."
Job 5:17 "Behold, blessed is the one whom God reproves; therefore despise not the discipline of the Almighty.
Job 29:11 When the ear heard, it called me blessed, and when the eye saw, it approved,
Job 29:12 because I delivered the poor who cried for help, and the fatherless who had none to help him.Job 29:13 The blessing of him who was about to perish came upon me, and I caused the widow's heart to sing for joy.
Job 31:20 if his body has not blessed me, and if he was not warmed with the fleece of my sheep,
Job 42:12 And the LORD blessed the latter days of Job more than his beginning. And he had 14,000 sheep, 6,000 camels, 1,000 yoke of oxen, and 1,000 female donkeys.
Psa 1:1 Blessed is the manwho walks not in the counsel of the wicked, nor stands in the way of sinners, nor sits in the seat of scoffers;
Psa 2:12 Kiss the Son, lest he be angry, and you perish in the way, for his wrath is quickly kindled. Blessed are all who take refuge in him.
Psa 3:8 Salvation belongs to the LORD; your blessing be on your people! Selah
Psa 5:12 For you bless the righteous, O LORD; you cover him with favor as with a shield.
Psa 16:7 I bless the LORD who gives me counsel; in the night also my heart instructs me.
Psa 18:46 The LORD lives, and blessed be my rock, and exalted be the God of my salvationPsa 18:47 the God who gave me vengeance and subdued peoples under me,
Psa 21:3 For you meet him with rich blessings; you set a crown of fine gold upon his head.
Psa 21:6 For you make him most blessed forever; you make him glad with the joy of your presence.
Psa 24:5 He will receive blessing from the LORD and righteousness from the God of his salvation.
Psa 26:12 My foot stands on level ground; in the great assembly I will bless the LORD.
Psa 28:6 Blessed be the LORD! for he has heard the voice of my pleas for mercy.
Psa 28:9 Oh, save your people and bless your heritage! Be their shepherd and carry them forever.Psa 29:1 A PSALM OF DAVID.Ascribe to the LORD, O heavenly beings, ascribe to the LORD glory and strength.
Psa 29:11 May the LORD give strength to his people! May the LORD bless his people with peace!
Psa 31:21 Blessed be the LORD, for he has wondrously shown his steadfast love to me when I was in a besieged city.
Psa 32:1 A MASKIL OF DAVID. Blessed is the one whose transgression is forgiven, whose sin is covered.
Psa 32:2 Blessed is the man against whom the LORD counts no iniquity, and in whose spirit there is no deceit.
Psa 33:12 Blessed is the nation whose God is the LORD, the people whom he has chosen as his heritage!
Psa 34:1 OF DAVID, WHEN HE CHANGED HIS BEHAVIOR BEFORE ABIMELECH, SO THAT HE DROVE HIM OUT, AND HE WENT AWAY. I will bless the LORD at all times; his praise shall continually be in my mouth.
Psa 34:8 Oh, taste and see that the LORD is good! Blessed is the man who takes refuge in him!
Psa 37:22 for those blessed by the LORD shall inherit the land, but those cursed by him shall be cut off.
Psa 37:26 He is ever lending generously, and his children become a blessing.
Psa 40:4 Blessed is the man who makes the LORD his trust, who does not turn to the proud, to those who go astray after a lie!
Psa 41:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID. Blessed is the one who considers the poor! In the day of trouble the LORD delivers him;
Psa 41:2 the LORD protects him and keeps him alive; he is called blessed in the land; you do not give him up to the will of his enemies.
Psa 41:13 Blessed be the LORD, the God of Israel, from everlasting to everlasting! Amen and Amen. BOOK TWO
Psa 45:2 You are the most handsome of the sons of men; grace is poured upon your lips; therefore God has blessed you forever.
Psa 49:18 For though, while he lives, he counts himself blessed,- and though you get praise when you do well
Psa 62:4 They only plan to thrust him down from his high position. They take pleasure in falsehood. They bless with their mouths, but inwardly they curse. Selah
Psa 63:4 So I will bless you as long as I live; in your name I will lift up my hands.
Psa 65:4 Blessed is the one you choose and bring near, to dwell in your courts! We shall be satisfied with the goodness of your house, the holiness of your temple!
Psa 65:10 You water its furrows abundantly, settling its ridges, softening it with showers, and blessing its growth.
Psa 66:8 Bless our God, O peoples; let the sound of his praise be heard,
Psa 66:20 Blessed be God, because he has not rejected my prayer or removed his steadfast love from me!
Psa 67:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: WITH STRINGED INSTRUMENTS. A PSALM. A SONG. May God be gracious to us and bless us and make his face to shine upon us, Selah
Psa 67:6 The earth has yielded its increase; God, our God, shall bless us.
Psa 67:7 God shall bless us; let all the ends of the earth fear him!
Psa 68:19 Blessed be the Lord, who daily bears us up; God is our salvation. Selah
Psa 68:26 "Bless God in the great congregation, the LORD, O you who are of Israel's fountain!"
Psa 68:35 Awesome is God from his sanctuary; the God of Israel- he is the one who gives power and strength to his people. Blessed be God!
Psa 72:15 Long may he live; may gold of Sheba be given to him! May prayer be made for him continually, and blessings invoked for him all the day!
Psa 72:17 May his name endure forever, his fame continue as long as the sun! May people be blessed in him,all nations call him blessed!
Psa 72:18 Blessed be the LORD, the God of Israel, who alone does wondrous things.
Psa 72:19 Blessed be his glorious name forever; may the whole earth be filled with his glory! Amen and Amen!
Psa 84:4 Blessed are those who dwell in your house, ever singing your praise! Selah
Psa 84:5 Blessed are those whose strength is in you, in whose heart are the highways to Zion.
Psa 84:12 O LORD of hosts, blessed is the one who trusts in you!
Psa 89:15 Blessed are the people who know the festal shout, who walk, O LORD, in the light of your face,
Psa 89:52 Blessed be the LORD forever! Amen and Amen. BOOK FOUR
Psa 94:12 Blessed is the man whom you discipline, O LORD, and whom you teach out of your law,
Psa 96:2 Sing to the LORD, bless his name; tell of his salvation from day to day.
Psa 100:4 Enter his gates with thanksgiving, and his courts with praise! Give thanks to him; bless his name!
Psa 103:1 OF DAVID. Bless the LORD, O my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name!
Psa 103:2 Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits,
Psa 103:20 Bless the LORD, O you his angels, you mighty ones who do his word, obeying the voice of his word!
Psa 103:21 Bless the LORD, all his hosts, his ministers, who do his will!
Psa 103:22 Bless the LORD, all his works, in all places of his dominion. Bless the LORD, O my soul!
Psa 104:1 Bless the LORD, O my soul!O LORD my God, you are very great! You are clothed with splendor and majesty,
Psa 104:35 Let sinners be consumed from the earth, and let the wicked be no more! Bless the LORD, O my soul! Praise the LORD!
Psa 106:3 Blessed are they who observe justice, who do righteousness at all times!
Psa 106:48 Blessed be the LORD, the God of Israel, from everlasting to everlasting! And let all the people say, "Amen!" Praise the LORD! BOOK FIVE
Psa 107:38 By his blessing they multiply greatly, and he does not let their livestock diminish.
Psa 109:17 He loved to curse; let curses come upon him! He did not delight in blessing; may it be far from him!
Psa 109:28 Let them curse, but you will bless! They arise and are put to shame, but your servant will be glad!
Psa 112:1 Praise the LORD! Blessed is the man who fears the LORD, who greatly delights in his commandments!
Psa 112:2 His offspring will be mighty in the land; the generation of the upright will be blessed.
Psa 113:2 Blessed be the name of the LORD from this time forth and forevermore!
Psa 115:12 The LORD has remembered us; he will bless us; he will bless the house of Israel; he will bless the house of Aaron;
Psa 115:13 he will bless those who fear the LORD, both the small and the great.
Psa 115:15 May you be blessed by the LORD, who made heaven and earth!
Psa 115:18 But we will bless the LORD from this time forth and forevermore. Praise the LORD!
Psa 118:26 Blessed is he who comes in the name of the LORD! We bless you from the house of the LORD.
Psa 119:1 Blessed are those whose way is blameless, who walk in the law of the LORD!
Psa 119:2 Blessed are those who keep his testimonies, who seek him with their whole heart,
Psa 119:12 Blessed are you, O LORD; teach me your statutes!
Psa 119:56 This blessing has fallen to me, that I have kept your precepts.
Psa 124:6 Blessed be the LORD, who has not given us as prey to their teeth!
Psa 127:5 Blessed is the man who fills his quiver with them! He shall not be put to shame when he speaks with his enemies in the gate.
Psa 128:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS. Blessed is everyone who fears the LORD, who walks in his ways!
Psa 128:2 You shall eat the fruit of the labor of your hands; you shall be blessed, and it shall be well with you.
Psa 128:4 Behold, thus shall the man be blessed who fears the LORD.
Psa 128:5 The LORD bless you from Zion! May you see the prosperity of Jerusalem all the days of your life!
Psa 129:8 nor do those who pass by say, "The blessing of the LORD be upon you! We bless you in the name of the LORD!"
Psa 132:15 I will abundantly bless her provisions; I will satisfy her poor with bread.
Psa 133:3 It is like the dew of Hermon, which falls on the mountains of Zion! For there the LORD has commanded the blessing, life forevermore.
Psa 134:1 A SONG OF ASCENTS.Come, bless the LORD, all you servants of the LORD, who stand by night in the house of the LORD!
Psa 134:2 Lift up your hands to the holy place and bless the LORD!
Psa 134:3 May the LORD bless you from Zion, he who made heaven and earth!
Psa 135:19 O house of Israel, bless the LORD! O house of Aaron, bless the LORD!
Psa 135:20 O house of Levi, bless the LORD! You who fear the LORD, bless the LORD!
Psa 135:21 Blessed be the LORD from Zion, he who dwells in Jerusalem! Praise the LORD!
Psa 137:8 O daughter of Babylon, doomed to be destroyed, blessed shall he be who repays you with what you have done to us!
Psa 137:9 Blessed shall he be who takes your little ones and dashes them against the rock!
Psa 144:1 OF DAVID.Blessed be the LORD, my rock, who trains my hands for war, and my fingers for battle;
Psa 144:15 Blessed are the people to whom such blessings fall! Blessed are the people whose God is the LORD!
Psa 145:1 A SONG OF PRAISE. OF DAVID. I will extol you, my God and King, and bless your name forever and ever.
Psa 145:2 Every day I will bless you and praise your name forever and ever.
Psa 145:10 All your works shall give thanks to you, O LORD, and all your saints shall bless you!
Psa 145:21 My mouth will speak the praise of the LORD, and let all flesh bless his holy name forever and ever.
Psa 146:5 Blessed is he whose help is the God of Jacob, whose hope is in the LORD his God,
Psa 147:13 For he strengthens the bars of your gates; he blesses your children within you.
Pro 3:13 Blessed is the one who finds wisdom, and the one who gets understanding,
Pro 3:18 She is a tree of life to those who lay hold of her; those who hold her fast are called blessed.
Pro 3:33 The LORD's curse is on the house of the wicked, but he blesses the dwelling of the righteous.Pro 3:34 Toward the scorners he is scornful, but to the humble he gives favor.
Pro 5:18 Let your fountain be blessed, and rejoice in the wife of your youth,
Pro 8:32 "And now, O sons, listen to me: blessed are those who keep my ways.
Pro 8:34 Blessed is the one who listens to me, watching daily at my gates, waiting beside my doors.
Pro 10:6 Blessings are on the head of the righteous, but the mouth of the wicked conceals violence.
Pro 10:7 The memory of the righteous is a blessing, but the name of the wicked will rot.
Pro 10:22 The blessing of the LORD makes rich, and he adds no sorrow with it.
Pro 11:11 By the blessing of the upright a city is exalted, but by the mouth of the wicked it is overthrown.
Pro 11:25 Whoever brings blessing will be enriched, and one who waters will himself be watered.
Pro 11:26 The people curse him who holds back grain, but a blessing is on the head of him who sells it.
Pro 14:21 Whoever despises his neighbor is a sinner, but blessed is he who is generous to the poor.
Pro 16:20 Whoever gives thought to the word will discover good, and blessed is he who trusts in the LORD.
Pro 20:7 The righteous who walks in his integrity- blessed are his children after him!
Pro 20:21 An inheritance gained hastily in the beginning will not be blessed in the end.
Pro 22:9 Whoever has a bountiful eye will be blessed, for he shares his bread with the poor.
Pro 24:25 but those who rebuke the wicked will have delight, and a good blessing will come upon them.
Pro 27:14 Whoever blesses his neighbor with a loud voice, rising early in the morning, will be counted as cursing.
Pro 28:14 Blessed is the one who fears the LORD always, but whoever hardens his heart will fall into calamity.
Pro 28:20 A faithful man will abound with blessings, but whoever hastens to be rich will not go unpunished.
Pro 29:18 Where there is no prophetic vision the people cast off restraint, but blessed is he who keeps the law.
Pro 30:11 There are those who curse their fathers and do not bless their mothers.
Pro 31:28 Her children rise up and call her blessed; her husband also, and he praises her:
Sol 6:9 My dove, my perfect one, is the only one, the only one of her mother, pure to her who bore her. The young women saw her and called her blessed; the queens and concubines also, and they praised her.
Isa 19:24 In that day Israel will be the third with Egypt and Assyria, a blessing in the midst of the earth,
Isa 19:25 whom the LORD of hosts has blessed, saying, "Blessed be Egypt my people, and Assyria the work of my hands, and Israel my inheritance."
Isa 30:18 Therefore the LORD waits to be gracious to you, and therefore he exalts himself to show mercy to you. For the LORD is a God of justice; blessed are all those who wait for him.
Isa 44:3 For I will pour water on the thirsty land, and streams on the dry ground; I will pour my Spirit upon your offspring, and my blessing on your descendants.
Isa 51:2 Look to Abraham your father and to Sarah who bore you; for he was but one when I called him, that I might bless him and multiply him.
Isa 56:2 Blessed is the man who does this, and the son of man who holds it fast, who keeps the Sabbath, not profaning it, and keeps his hand from doing any evil."
Isa 61:9 Their offspring shall be known among the nations, and their descendants in the midst of the peoples; all who see them shall acknowledge them, that they are an offspring the LORD has blessed.
Isa 65:8 Thus says the LORD: "As the new wine is found in the cluster, and they say, 'Do not destroy it, for there is a blessing in it,' so I will do for my servants' sake, and not destroy them all.
Isa 65:16 So that he who blesses himself in the land shall bless himself by the God of truth, and he who takes an oath in the land shall swear by the God of truth; because the former troubles are forgotten and are hidden from my eyes.
Isa 65:23 They shall not labor in vain or bear children for calamity, for they shall be the offspring of the blessed of the LORD, and their descendants with them.
Isa 66:3 "He who slaughters an ox is like one who kills a man; he who sacrifices a lamb, like one who breaks a dog's neck; he who presents a grain offering, like one who offers pig's blood; he who makes a memorial offering of frankincense, like one who blesses an idol. These have chosen their own ways, and their soul delights in their abominations;
Jer 4:2 and if you swear, 'As the LORD lives,' in truth, in justice, and in righteousness, then nations shall bless themselves in him, and in him shall they glory."
Jer 17:7 "Blessed is the man who trusts in the LORD, whose trust is the LORD.
Jer 20:14 Cursed be the day on which I was born! The day when my mother bore me, let it not be blessed!
Jer 31:23 Thus says the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel: "Once more they shall use these words in the land of Judah and in its cities, when I restore their fortunes: "' The LORD bless you, O habitation of righteousness, O holy hill!'
Eze 3:12 Then the Spirit lifted me up, and I heard behind me the voice of a great earthquake: "Blessed be the glory of the LORD from its place!"
Eze 34:26 And I will make them and the places all around my hill a blessing, and I will send down the showers in their season; they shall be showers of blessing.
Eze 44:30 And the first of all the firstfruits of all kinds, and every offering of all kinds from all your offerings, shall belong to the priests. You shall also give to the priests the first of your dough, that a blessing may rest on yourhouse.
Dan 2:19 Then the mystery was revealed to Daniel in a vision of the night. Then Daniel blessed the God of heaven.
Dan 2:20 Daniel answered and said: "Blessed be the name of God forever and ever, to whom belong wisdom
Dan 3:28 Nebuchadnezzar answered and said, "Blessed be the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego,who has sent his angel and delivered his servants, who trusted in him, and set aside the king's command, and yielded up their bodies rather than serve and worship any god except their own God.
Dan 4:34 At the end of the days I, Neb uchadnezzar, lifted my eyes to heaven, and my reason returned to me, and I blessed the Most High, and praised and honored him who lives forever, for his dominion is an everlasting dominion, and his kingdom endures from generation to generation;
Dan 12:12 Blessed is he who waits and arrives at the 1,335 days.
Joe 2:14 Who knows whether he will not turn and relent, and leave a blessing behind him, a grain offering and a drink offering for the LORD your God?
Hag 2:19 Is the seed yet in the barn? Indeed, the vine, the fig tree, the pomegranate, and the olive tree have yielded nothing. But from this day on I will bless you."
Zec 8:13 And as you have been a byword of cursing among the nations, O house of Judah and house of Israel, so will I save you, and you shall be a blessing. Fear not, but let your hands be strong."
Zec 11:5 Those who buy them slaughter them and go unpunished, and those who sell them say, 'Blessed be the LORD, I have become rich,' and their own shepherds have no pity on them.
Mal 2:2 If you will not listen, if you will not take it to heart to give honor to my name, says the LORD of hosts, then I will send the curse upon you and I will curse your blessings. Indeed, I have already cursed them, because you do not lay it to heart.
Mal 3:11 Bring the full tithes into the storehouse, that there may be food in my house. And thereby put me to the test, says the LORD of hosts, if I will not open the windows of heaven for you and pour down for you a blessing until there is no more need.
Mal 3:13 Then all nations will call you blessed, for you will be a land of delight, says the LORD of hosts.
Mal 3:16 And now we call the arrogant blessed. Evildoers not only prosper but they put God to the test and they escape.'"
Mat 5:3 "Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Mat 5:4 "Blessed are those who mourn, for they shall be comforted.
Mat 5:5 "Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.
Mat 5:6 "Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be satisfied.
Mat 5:7 "Blessed are the merciful, for they shall receive mercy.
Mat 5:8 "Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God.
Mat 5:9 "Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called sons of God.
Mat 5:10 "Blessed are those who are persecuted for righteousness' sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Mat 5:11 "Blessed are you when others revile you and persecute you and utter all kinds of evil against you falsely on my account.
Mat 11:6 And blessed is the one who is not offended by me."
Mat 13:16 But blessed are your eyes, for they see, and your ears, for they hear.
Mat 14:19 Then he ordered the crowds to sit down on the grass, and taking the five loaves and the two fish, he looked up to heaven and said a blessing. Then he broke the loaves and gave them to the disciples, and the disciples gave them to the crowds.
Mat 16:17 And Jesus answered him, "Blessed are you, Simon Bar-Jonah! For flesh and blood has not revealed this to you, but my Father who is in heaven.
Mat 21:9 And the crowds that went before him and that followed him were shouting, "Hosanna to the Son of David! Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord! Hosanna in the highest!"
Mat 23:39 For I tell you, you will not see me again, until you say, 'Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord.'"
Mat 24:46 Blessed is that servant whom his master will find so doing when he comes.
Mat 25:34 Then the King will say to those on his right, 'Come, you who are blessed by my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world.
Mat 26:26 Now as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and after blessing it broke it and gave it to the disciples, and said, "Take, eat; this is my body."
Mar 6:41 And taking the five loaves and the two fish he looked up to heaven and said a blessing and broke the loaves and gave them to the disciples to set before the people. And he divided the two fish among them all.
Mar 8:7 And they had a few small fish. And having blessed them, he said that these also should be set before them.
Mar 10:16 And he took them in his arms and blessed them, laying his hands on them.
Mar 11:9 And those who went before and those who followed were shouting, "Hosanna! Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord!
Mar 11:10 Blessed is the coming kingdom of our father David! Hosanna in the highest!"
Mar 14:22 And as they were eating, he took bread, and after blessing it broke it and gave it to them, and said, "Take; this is my body."
Mar 14:61 But he remained silent and made no answer. Again the high priest asked him, "Are you the Christ, the Son of the Blessed?"
Luk 1:42 and she ex claimed with a loud cry, "Blessed are you among women, and blessed is the fruit of your womb!
Luk 1:45 And blessed is she who believed that there would be a fulfillment of what was spoken to her from the Lord."
Luk 1:48 for he has looked on the humble estate of his servant. For behold, from now on all generations will call me blessed;
Luk 1:64 And immediately his mouth was opened and his tongue loosed, and he spoke, blessing God.
Luk 1:68 "Blessed be the Lord God of Israel, for he has visited and redeemed his people
Luk 2:28 he took him up in his arms and blessed God and said,
Luk 2:34 And Simeon blessed them and said to Mary his mother, "Behold, this child is appointed for the fall andrising of many in Israel, and for a sign that is opposed
Luk 6:20 And he lifted up his eyes on his disciples, and said: "Blessed are you who are poor, for yours is the kingdom of God.
Luk 6:21 "Blessed are you who are hungry now, for you shall be satisfied. "Blessed are you who weep now, for you shall laugh.
Luk 6:22 "Blessed are you when people hate you and when they exclude you and revile you and spurn your name as evil, on account of the Son of Man!
Luk 6:28 bless those who curse you, pray for those who abuse you.
Luk 7:23 And blessed is the one who is not offended by me."
Luk 9:16 And taking the five loaves and the two fish, he looked up to heaven and said a blessing over them. Then he broke the loaves and gave them to the disciples to set before the crowd.
Luk 10:23 Then turning to the disciples he said privately, "Blessed are the eyes that see what you see!
Luk 11:27 As he said these things, a woman in the crowd raised her voice and said to him, "Blessed is the womb that bore you, and the breasts at which you nursed!"
Luk 11:28 But he said, "Blessed rather are those who hear the word of God and keep it!"
Luk 12:37 Blessed are those servants whom the master finds awake when he comes. Truly, I say to you, he will dress himself for service and have them recline at table, and he will come and serve them.
Luk 12:38 If he comes in the second watch, or in the third, and finds them awake, blessed are those servants!
Luk 12:43 Blessed is that servant whom his master will find so doing when he comes.
Luk 13:35 Behold, your house is forsaken. And I tell you, you will not see me until you say, 'Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord!'"
Luk 14:14 and you will be blessed, because they cannot repay you. You will be repaid at the resurrection of the just."
Luk 14:15 When one of those who reclined at table with him heard these things, he said to him, "Blessed is everyone who will eat bread in the kingdom of God!"
Luk 19:38 saying, "Blessed is the King who comes in the name of the Lord! Peace in heaven and glory in the highest!"
Luk 23:29 For behold, the days are coming when they will say, 'Blessed are the barren and the wombs that never bore and the breasts that never nursed!'
Luk 24:30 When he was at table with them, he took the bread and blessed and broke it and gave it to them.
Luk 24:50 Then he led them out as far as Bethany, and lifting up his hands he blessed them.
Luk 24:51 While he blessed them, he parted from them and was carried up into heaven.
Luk 24:53 and were continually in the temple blessing God.
Joh 12:13 So they took branches of palm trees and went out to meet him, crying out, "Hosanna! Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord, even the King of Israel!"
Joh 13:17 If you know these things, blessed are you if you do them.
Joh 20:29 Jesus said to him, "Have you believed because you have seen me? Blessed are those who have notseen and yet have believed."
Act 3:25 You are the sons of the prophets and of the covenant that God made with your fathers, saying to Abraham, 'And in your offspring shall all the families of the earth be blessed.'
Act 3:26 God, having raised up his servant, sent him to you first, to bless you by turning every one of you from your wickedness."
Act 13:34 And as for the fact that he raised him from the dead, no more to return to corruption, he has spoken in this way, "' I will give you the holy and sure blessings of David.'
Act 20:35 In all things I have shown you that by working hard in this way we must help the weak and remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how he himself said, 'It is more blessed to give than to receive.'"
Rom 1:25 because they exchanged the truth about God for a lie and worshiped and served the creature rather than the Creator, who is blessed forever! Amen.
Rom 4:6 just as David also speaks of the blessing of the one to whom God counts righteousness apart from works:
Rom 4:7 "Blessed are those whose lawless deeds are forgiven, and whose sins are covered;
Rom 4:8 blessed is the man against whom the Lord will not count his sin."
Rom 4:9 Is this blessing then only for the circumcised, or also for the uncircumcised? We say that faith was counted to Abraham as righteousness.
Rom 9:5 To them belong the patriarchs, and from their race, according to the flesh, is the Christ who is God over all, blessed forever. Amen.
Rom 12:14 Bless those who persecute you; bless and do not curse them.
Rom 14:22 The faith that you have, keep between yourself and God. Blessed is the one who has no reason to pass judgment on himself for what he approves.
Rom 15:27 They were pleased to do it, and indeed they owe it to them. For if the Gentiles have come to share in their spiritual blessings, they ought also to be of service to them in ma ter ial blessings.
Rom 15:29 I know that when I come to you I will come in the fullness of the blessing of Christ.
1Co 4:12 and we labor, working with our own hands. When reviled, we bless; when persecuted, we endure;
1Co 9:23 I do it all for the sake of the gospel, that I may share with them in its blessings.
1Co 10:16 The cup of blessing that we bless, is it not a participation in the blood of Christ? The bread that we break, is it not a participation in the body of Christ?
2Co 1:3 Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies and God of all comfort,
will deliver us again.2Co 1:11 You also must help us by prayer, so that many will give thanks on our behalf for the blessing granted us through the prayers of many.
2Co 11:31 The God and Father of the Lord Jesus, he who is blessed forever, knows that I am not lying.
Gal 3:8 And the Scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the Gentiles by faith, preached the gospel beforehand to Abraham, saying, "In you shall all the nations be blessed."
Gal 3:9 So then, those who are of faith are blessed along with Abraham, the man of faith.
Gal 3:14 so that in Christ Jesus the blessing of Abraham might come to the Gentiles, so that we might receive the promised Spirit through faith.
Gal 4:15 What then has become of the blessing you felt? For I testify to you that, if possible, you would have gouged out your eyes and given them to me.
Eph 1:3 Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed us in Christ with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places,
Eph 1:6 to the praise of his glorious grace, with which he has blessed us in the Beloved.
1Ti 1:11 in accordance with the glorious gospel of the blessed God with which I have been entrusted.
1Ti 6:15 which he will display at the proper time- he who is the blessed and only Sovereign, the King of kings and Lord of lords,
Tit 2:13 waiting for our blessed hope, the appearing of the glory of our great God and Savior Jesus Christ,
Heb 6:7 For land that has drunk the rain that often falls on it, and produces a crop useful to those for whose sake it is cultivated, receives a blessing from God.
Heb 6:14 saying, "Surely I will bless you and multiply you."
Heb 7:1 For this Melchizedek, king of Salem, priest of the Most High God, met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings and blessed him,
Heb 7:6 But this man who does not have his descent from them received tithes from Abraham and blessed him who had the promises.
Heb 7:7 It is beyond dispute that the inferior is blessed by the superior.
Heb 11:20 By faith Isaac invoked future blessings on Jacob and Esau.
Heb 11:21 By faith Jacob, when dying, blessed each of the sons of Joseph, bowing in worship over the head of his staff.
Heb 12:17 For you know that afterward, when he desired to inherit the blessing, he was rejected, for he found no chance to repent, though he sought it with tears.
Jam 1:12 Blessed is the man who remains steadfast under trial, for when he has stood the test he will receive the crown of life, which God has promised to those who love him.
Jam 1:25 But the one who looks into the perfect law, the law of liberty, and perseveres, being no hearer who forgets but a doer who acts, he will be blessed in his doing.
Jam 3:9 With it we bless our Lord and Father, and with it we curse people who are made in the likeness of God.Jam 3:10 From the same mouth come blessing and cursing. My brothers, these things ought not to be so.
Jam 5:11 Behold, we consider those blessed who remained steadfast. You have heard of the steadfastness of Job, and you have seen the purpose of the Lord, how the Lord is compassionate and merciful.
1Pe 1:3 Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ! According to his great mercy, he has caused us to be born again to a living hope through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead,
1Pe 3:9 Do not repay evil for evil or reviling for reviling, but on the contrary, bless, for to this you were called, that you may obtain a blessing.
1Pe 3:14 But even if you should suffer for righteousness' sake, you will be blessed. Have no fear of them, nor be troubled,
1Pe 4:14 If you are insulted for the name of Christ, you are blessed, because the Spirit of glory and of God rests upon you.
Rev 1:3 Blessed is the one who reads aloud the words of this prophecy, and blessed are those who hear, and who keep what is written in it, for the time is near.
Rev 5:12 saying with a loud voice, "Worthy is the Lamb who was slain, to receive power and wealth and wisdom and might and honor and glory and blessing!"
Rev 5:13 And I heard every creature in heaven and on earth and under the earth and in the sea, and all that is in them, saying, "To him who sits on the throne and to the Lamb be blessing and honor and glory and might forever and ever!"
Rev 7:12 saying, "Amen! Blessing and glory and wisdom and thanksgiving and honor and power and might be to our God forever and ever! Amen."
Rev 14:13 And I heard a voice from heaven saying, "Write this: Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord from now on." "Blessed indeed," says the Spirit, "that they may rest from their labors, for their deeds follow them!"
Rev 16:15 ("Behold, I am coming like a thief! Blessed is the one who stays awake, keeping his garments on, that he may not go about naked and be seen exposed!")
Rev 19:9 And the angel said to me, "Write this: Blessed are those who are invited to the marriage supper of the Lamb." And he said to me, "These are the true words of God."
Rev 20:6 Blessed and holy is the one who shares in the first resurrection! Over such the second death has no power, but they will be priests of God and of Christ, and they will reign with him for a thousand years.
Rev 22:7 "And behold, I am coming soon. Blessed is the one who keeps the words of the prophecy of this book."
Rev 22:14 Blessed are those who wash their robes, so that they may have the right to the tree of life and that they may enter the city by the gates.