Rut 1:12 Turn back, my daughters; go your way, for I am too old to have a husband. If I should say I have hope, even if I should have a husband this night and should bear sons,
Ezr 10:2 And Shecaniah the son of Jehiel, of the sons of Elam, addressed Ezra: "We have broken faith with our God and have married foreign women from the peoples of the land, but even now there is hope for Israel in spite of this.
Est 9:1 Now in the twelfth month, which is the month of Adar, on the thirteenth day of the same, when the king's command and edict were about to be carried out, on the very day when the enemies of the Jews hoped to gain the mastery over them, the reverse occurred: the Jews gained mastery over those who hated them.
Job 3:9 Let the stars of its dawn be dark; let it hope for light, but have none, nor see the eyelids of the morning,
Job 4:6 Is not your fear of God your confidence, and the integrity of your ways your hope?
Job 5:16 So the poor have hope, and injustice shuts her mouth.
Job 6:8 "Oh that I might have my request, and that God would fulfill my hope,
Job 6:19 The caravans of Tema look, the travelers of Sheba hope.
Job 7:6 My days are swifter than a weaver's shuttle and come to their end without hope.
Job 8:13 Such are the paths of all who forget God; the hope of the godless shall perish.
Job 11:18 And you will feel secure, because there is hope; you will look around and take your rest in security.
Job 11:20 But the eyes of the wicked will fail; all way of escape will be lost to them, and their hope is to breathe their last."
Job 13:15 Though he slay me, I will hope in him; yet I will argue my ways to his face.
Job 14:7 "For there is hope for a tree, if it be cut down, that it will sprout again, and that its shoots will not cease.
Job 14:19 the waters wear away the stones; the torrents wash away the soil of the earth; so you destroy the hope of man.
Job 17:13 If I hope for Sheol as my house, if I make my bed in darkness,
Job 17:15 where then is my hope? Who will see my hope?
Job 19:10 He breaks me down on every side, and I am gone, and my hope has he pulled up like a tree.
Job 27:8 For what is the hope of the godless when God cuts him off, when God takes away his life?Job 27:9 Will God hear his cry when distress comes upon him?
Job 30:26 But when I hoped for good, evil came, and when I waited for light, darkness came.
Job 41:9 Behold, the hope of a man is false; he is laid low even at the sight of him.
Psa 9:18 For the needy shall not always be forgotten, and the hope of the poor shall not perish forever.
Psa 33:17 The war horse is a false hope for salvation, and by its great might it cannot rescue.
Psa 33:18 Behold, the eye of the LORD is on those who fear him, on those who hope in his steadfast love,
Psa 33:22 Let your steadfast love, O LORD, be upon us, even as we hope in you.
Psa 39:7 "And now, O Lord, for what do I wait? My hope is in you.
Psa 42:5 Why are you cast down, O my soul, and why are you in turmoil within me? Hope in God; for I shall again praise him, my salvation
Psa 42:11 Why are you cast down, O my soul, and why are you in turmoil within me? Hope in God; for I shall again praise him, my salvation and my God.
Psa 43:5 Why are you cast down, O my soul, and why are you in turmoil within me? Hope in God; for I shall again praise him, my salvation and my God.
Psa 62:5 For God alone, O my soul, wait in silence, for my hope is from him.
Psa 62:10 Put no trust in extortion; set no vain hopes on robbery; if riches increase, set not your heart on them.
Psa 65:5 By awesome deeds you answer us with righteousness, O God of our salvation, the hope of all the ends of the earth and of the farthest seas;
Psa 69:6 Let not those who hope in you be put to shame through me, O Lord GOD of hosts; let not those who seek you be brought to dishonor through me, O God of Israel.
Psa 71:5 For you, O Lord, are my hope, my trust, O LORD, from my youth.
Psa 71:14 But I will hope continually and will praise you yet more and more.
Psa 78:7 so that they should set their hope in God and not forget the works of God, but keep his commandments;
Psa 119:43 And take not the word of truth utterly out of my mouth, for my hope is in your rules.
Psa 119:49 Remember your word to your servant, in which you have made me hope.
Psa 119:74 Those who fear you shall see me and rejoice, because I have hoped in your word.
Psa 119:81 My soul longs for your salvation; I hope in your word.
Psa 119:114 You are my hiding place and my shield; I hope in your word.
Psa 119:116 Uphold me according to your promise, that I may live, and let me not be put to shame in my hope!
Psa 119:147 I rise before dawn and cry for help; I hope in your words.
Psa 119:166 I hope for your salvation, O LORD, and I do your commandments.
Psa 130:5 I wait for the LORD, my soul waits, and in his word I hope;
Psa 130:7 O Israel, hope in the LORD! For with the LORD there is steadfast love, and with him is plentiful redemption.
Psa 131:3 O Israel, hope in the LORD from this time forth and forevermore.
Psa 146:5 Blessed is he whose help is the God of Jacob, whose hope is in the LORD his God,
Psa 147:11 but the LORD takes pleasure in those who fear him, in those who hope in his steadfast love.
Pro 10:28 The hope of the righteous brings joy, but the expectation of the wicked will perish.
Pro 11:7 When the wicked dies, his hope will perish, and the expectation of wealth perishes too.
Pro 13:12 Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a desire fulfilled is a tree of life.
Pro 19:18 Discipline your son, for there is hope; do not set your heart on putting him to death.
Pro 23:18 Surely there is a future, and your hope will not be cut off.
Pro 24:14 Know that wisdom is such to your soul; if you find it, there will be a future, and your hope will not be cut off.
Pro 26:12 Do you see a man who is wise in his own eyes? There is more hope for a fool than for him.
Pro 29:20 Do you see a man who is hasty in his words? There is more hope for a fool than for him.
Ecc 9:4 But he who is joined with all the living has hope, for a living dog is better than a dead lion.
Isa 8:17 I will wait for the LORD, who is hiding his face from the house of Jacob, and I will hope in him.
Isa 20:5 Then they shall be dismayed and ashamed because of Cush their hope and of Egypt their boast.
Isa 20:6 And the inhabitants of this coastland will say in that day, 'Behold, this is what has happened to those in whom we hoped and to whom we fled for help to be delivered from the king of Assyria! And we, how shall we escape?'"
Isa 38:18 For Sheol does not thank you; death does not praise you; those who go down to the pit do not hope for your faithfulness.
Isa 51:5 My righteousness draws near, my salvation has gone out, and my arms will judge the peoples; the coastlands hope for me, and for my arm they wait.
Isa 57:10 You were wearied with the length of your way, but you did not say, "It is hopeless"; you found new life for your strength, and so you were not faint.
Isa 59:9 Therefore justice is far from us, and righteousness does not overtake us; we hope for light, and behold, darkness, and for brightness, but we walk in gloom.
Isa 59:11 We all growl like bears; we moan and moan like doves; we hope for justice, but there is none; for salvation, but it is far from us.
Isa 60:9 For the coastlands shall hope for me, the ships of Tarshish first, to bring your children from afar, their silver and gold with them, for the name of the LORD your God, and for the Holy One of Israel, because he has made you beautiful.
Jer 2:25 Keep your feet from going unshod and your throat from thirst. But you said, 'It is hopeless, for I have loved foreigners, and after them I will go.'
Jer 14:8 O you hope of Israel, its savior in time of trouble, why should you be like a stranger in the land, like a traveler who turns aside to tarry for a night?
Jer 14:22 Are there any among the false gods of the nations that can bring rain? Or can the heavens give showers? Are you not he, O LORD our God? We set our hope on you, for you do all these things.
Jer 17:12 A glorious throne set on high from the beginning is the place of our sanctuary.Jer 17:13 O LORD, the hope of Israel, all who forsake you shall be put to shame; those who turn away from you shall be written in the earth, for they have forsaken the LORD, the fountain of living water.
Jer 23:16 Thus says the LORD of hosts: "Do not listen to the words of the prophets who prophesy to you, filling you with vain hopes. They speak visions of their own minds, not from the mouth of the LORD.
Jer 29:11 For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans for wholeness and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope.
Jer 31:17 There is hope for your future, declares the LORD, and your children shall come back to their own country.
Jer 50:7 All who found them have devoured them, and their enemies have said, 'We are not guilty, for they have sinned against the LORD, their habitation of righteousness, the LORD, the hope of their fathers.'
Lam 3:18 so I say, "My endurance has perished; so has my hope from the LORD."
Lam 3:21 But this I call to mind, and therefore I have hope:
Lam 3:24 "The LORD is my portion," says my soul, "therefore I will hope in him."
Lam 3:29 let him put his mouth in the dust- there may yet be hope;
Eze 19:5 When she saw that she waited in vain, that her hope was lost, she took another of her cubs and made him a young lion.
Eze 37:11 Then he said to me, "Son of man, these bones are the whole house of Israel. Behold, they say, 'Our bones are dried up, and our hope is lost; we are clean cut off.'
Hos 2:15 And there I will give her her vineyards and make the Valley of Achor a door of hope. And there she
Jon 2:8 Those who pay regard to vain idols forsake their hope of steadfast love.
Zec 9:12 Return to your stronghold, O prisoners of hope; today I declare that I will restore to you double.
Mat 12:21 and in his name the Gentiles will hope."
Luk 23:8 When Herod saw Jesus, he was very glad, for he had long desired to see him, because he had heard about him, and he was hoping to see some sign done by him.
Luk 24:21 But we had hoped that he was the one to redeem Israel. Yes, and besides all this, it is now the third day since these things happened.
Joh 5:45 Do not think that I will accuse you to the Father. There is one who accuses you: Moses, on whom you have set your hope.
Act 2:26 therefore my heart was glad, and my tongue rejoiced; my flesh also will dwell in hope.
Act 16:19 But when her owners saw that their hope of gain was gone, they seized Paul and Silas and dragged them into the marketplace before the rulers.
Act 17:27 that they should seek God, in the hope that they might feel their way toward him and find him. Yet he is actually not far from each one of us,
Act 23:6 Now when Paul perceived that one part were Sadducees and the other Pharisees, he cried out in the council, "Brothers, I am a Pharisee, a son of Pharisees. It is with respect to the hope and the resurrection of the dead that I am on trial."
Act 24:15 having a hope in God, which these men themselves accept, that there will be a resurrection of both the just and the unjust.
Act 24:26 At the same time he hoped that money would be given him by Paul. So he sent for him often and conversed with him.
Act 26:6 And now I stand here on trial because of my hope in the promise made by God to our fathers,
Act 26:7 to which our twelve tribes hope to attain, as they earnestly worship night and day. And for this hope I am accused by Jews, O king!
Act 27:20 When neither sun nor stars appeared for many days, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope of our being saved was at last abandoned.
Act 28:20 For this reason, therefore, I have asked to see you and speak with you, since it is because of the hope of Israel that I am wearing this chain."
Rom 4:18 In hope he believed against hope, that he should become the father of many nations, as he had been told, "So shall your offspring be."
Rom 5:2 Through him we have also obtained access by faith into this grace in which we stand, and we rejoice in hope of the glory of God.
Rom 5:4 and endurance produces character, and character produces hope,
Rom 5:5 and hope does not put us to shame, because God's love has been poured into our hearts through theHoly Spirit who has been given to us.
Rom 8:20 For the creation was subjected to futility, not willingly, but because of him who subjected it, in hope
Rom 8:24 For in this hope we were saved. Now hope that is seen is not hope. For who hopes for what he sees?
Rom 8:25 But if we hope for what we do not see, we wait for it with patience.
Rom 12:12 Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer.
Rom 15:4 For whatever was written in former days was written for our instruction, that through endurance and through the encouragement of the Scriptures we might have hope.
Rom 15:12 And again Isaiah says,, "The root of Jesse will come, even he who arises to rule the Gentiles; in him will the Gentiles hope."
Rom 15:13 May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, so that by the power of the Holy Spirit you may abound in hope.
Rom 15:24 I hope to see you in passing as I go to Spain, and to be helped on my journey there by you, once I have enjoyed your company for a while.
1Co 9:10 Does he not speak entirely for our sake? It was written for our sake, because the plowman should plow in hope and the thresher thresh in hope of sharing in the crop.
1Co 13:7 Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things.
1Co 13:13 So now faith, hope, and love abide, these three; but the greatest of these is love.
1Co 15:19 If in this life only we have hoped in Christ, we are of all people most to be pitied.
1Co 16:7 For I do not want to see you now just in passing. I hope to spend some time with you, if the Lord permits.
2Co 1:7 Our hope for you is unshaken, for we know that as you share in our sufferings, you will also share in our comfort.
2Co 1:10 He delivered us from such a deadly peril, and he will deliver us. On him we have set our hope that he
2Co 1:13 For we are not writing to you anything other than what you read and acknowledge and I hope you will fully acknowledge-
2Co 3:12 Since we have such a hope, we are very bold,
2Co 5:11 Therefore, knowing the fear of the Lord, we persuade others. But what we are is known to God, and I hope it is known also to your conscience.
2Co 10:15 We do not boast beyond limit in the labors of others. But our hope is that as your faith increases, our area of influence among you may be greatly enlarged,
2Co 13:6 I hope you will find out that we have not failed the test.
Gal 5:5 For through the Spirit, by faith, we ourselves eagerly wait for the hope of righteousness.
Eph 1:12 so that we who were the first to hope in Christ might be to the praise of his glory.
Eph 1:18 having the eyes of your hearts enlightened, that you may know what is the hope to which he has called you, what are the riches of his glorious inheritance in the saints,
called the circumcision, which is made in the flesh by handsEph 2:12 remember that you were at that time separated from Christ, alienated from the commonwealth of Israel and strangers to the covenants of promise, having no hope and without God in the world.
Eph 4:4 There is one body and one Spirit- just as you were called to the one hope that belongs to your callEph 4:5 one Lord, one faith, one baptism,
deliverance,Phi 1:20 as it is my eager expectation and hope that I will not be at all ashamed, but that with full courage now as always Christ will be honored in my body, whether by life or by death.
Phi 2:19 I hope in the Lord Jesus to send Timothy to you soon, so that I too may be cheered by news of you.
Phi 2:23 I hope therefore to send him just as soon as I see how it will go with me,
Col 1:5 because of the hope laid up for you in heaven. Of this you have heard before in the word of the truth, the gospel,
Col 1:23 if indeed you continue in the faith, stable and steadfast, not shifting from the hope of the gospel that you heard, which has been proclaimed in all creation under heaven, and of which I, Paul, became a minister.
Col 1:27 To them God chose to make known how great among the Gentiles are the riches of the glory of this mystery, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory.
1Th 1:3 remembering before our God and Father your work of faith and labor of love and steadfastness of hope in our Lord Jesus Christ.
1Th 2:19 For what is our hope or joy or crown of boasting before our Lord Jesus at his coming? Is it not you?
1Th 4:13 But we do not want you to be uninformed, brothers, about those who are asleep, that you may not grieve as others do who have no hope.
1Th 5:8 But since we belong to the day, let us be sober, having put on the breastplate of faith and love, and for a helmet the hope of salvation.
2Th 2:16 Now may our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God our Father, who loved us and gave us eternal comfort and good hope through grace,
1Ti 1:1 Paul, an apostle of Christ Jesus by command of God our Savior and of Christ Jesus our hope,
1Ti 3:14 I hope to come to you soon, but I am writing these things to you so that,
1Ti 4:10 For to this end we toil and strive, because we have our hope set on the living God, who is the Savior of all people, especially of those who believe.
1Ti 5:5 She who is truly a widow, left all alone, has set her hope on God and continues in supplications and prayers night and day,
1Ti 6:17 As for the rich in this present age, charge them not to be haughty, nor to set their hopes on the
Tit 1:2 in hope of eternal life, which God, who never lies, promised before the ages began
Tit 2:13 waiting for our blessed hope, the appearing of the glory of our great God and Savior Jesus Christ,
Tit 3:7 so that being justified by his grace we might become heirs according to the hope of eternal life.
Phm 1:22 At the same time, prepare a guest room for me, for I am hoping that through your prayers I will be graciously given to you.
Heb 3:6 but Christ is faithful over God's house as a son. And we are his house if indeed we hold fast our confidence and our boasting in our hope.
Heb 6:11 And we desire each one of you to show the same earnestness to have the full assurance of hope until the end,
Heb 6:18 so that by two unchangeable things, in which it is impossible for God to lie, we who have fled for refuge might have strong encouragement to hold fast to the hope set before us.
Heb 6:19 We have this as a sure and steadfast anchor of the soul, a hope that enters into the inner place behind the curtain,
Heb 7:19 (for the law made nothing perfect); but on the other hand, a better hope is introduced, through which we draw near to God.
Heb 10:23 Let us hold fast the confession of our hope without wavering, for he who promised is faithful.
Heb 11:1 Now faith is the assurance of things hoped for, the conviction of things not seen.
1Pe 1:3 Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ! According to his great mercy, he has caused us to be born again to a living hope through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead,
1Pe 1:13 Therefore, preparing your minds for action, and being sober-minded, set your hope fully on the grace that will be brought to you at the revelation of Jesus Christ.
1Pe 1:21 who through him are believers in God, who raised him from the dead and gave him glory, so that your faith and hope are in God.
1Pe 3:5 For this is how the holy women who hoped in God used to adorn themselves, by submitting to their husbands,
1Pe 3:15 but in your hearts regard Christ the Lord as holy, always being prepared to make a defense to anyone who asks you for a reason for the hope that is in you;
1Jo 3:3 And everyone who thus hopes in him purifies himself as he is pure.
2Jo 1:12 Though I have much to write to you, I would rather not use paper and ink. Instead I hope to come to you and talk face to face, so that our joy may be complete.
3Jo 1:14 I hope to see you soon, and we will talk face to face.