Gen 22:2 He said, "Take your son, your only son Isaac, whom you love, and go to the land of Moriah, and offer him there as a burnt offering on one of the mountains of which I shall tell you."
Gen 24:12 And he said, "O LORD, God of my master Abraham, please grant me success today and show steadfast love to my master Abraham.
this I shall know that you have shown steadfast love to my master."Gen 24:15 Before he had finished speaking, behold, Rebekah, who was born to Bethuel the son of Milcah, the wife of Nahor, Abraham's brother, came out with her water jar on her shoulder.
Gen 24:27 and said, "Blessed be the LORD, the God of my master Abraham, who has not forsaken his steadfast love and his faithfulness toward my master. As for me, the LORD has led me in the way to the house of my master's kinsmen."
Abraham, who had led me by the right way to take the daughter of my master's kinsman for his son.Gen 24:49 Now then, if you are going to show steadfast love and faithfulness to my master, tell me; and if not, tell me, that I may turn to the right hand or to the left."
Gen 24:67 Then Isaac brought her into the tent of Sarah his mother and took Rebekah, and she became his wife, and he loved her. So Isaac was comforted after his mother's death.
Gen 25:28 Isaac loved Esau because he ate of his game, but Rebekah loved Jacob.
Gen 27:4 and prepare for me delicious food, such as I love, and bring it to me so that I may eat, that my soul may bless you before I die."
Gen 27:9 Go to the flock and bring me two good young goats, so that I may prepare from them delicious food for your father, such as he loves.
Gen 27:14 So he went and took them and brought them to his mother, and his mother prepared delicious food, such as his father loved.
Gen 29:18 Jacob loved Rachel. And he said, "I will serve you seven years for your younger daughter Rachel."
Gen 29:30 So Jacob went in to Rachel also, and he loved Rachel more than Leah, and served Laban for another seven years.
Gen 29:32 And Leah conceived and bore a son, and she called his name Reuben, for she said, "Because the LORD has looked upon my affliction; for now my husband will love me."
Gen 32:10 I am not worthy of the least of all the deeds of steadfast love and all the faithfulness that you have shown to your servant, for with only my staff I crossed this Jordan, and now I have become two camps.
Gen 34:3 And his soul was drawn to Dinah the daughter of Jacob. He loved the young woman and spoke tenderly to her.
Gen 37:3 Now Israel loved Joseph more than any other of his sons, because he was the son of his old age. And he made him a robe of many colors.
Gen 37:4 But when his brothers saw that their father loved him more than all his brothers, they hated him and could not speak peacefully to him.
Gen 39:21 But the LORD was with Joseph and showed him steadfast love and gave him favor in the sight of the keeper of the prison.
Gen 44:20 And we said to my lord, 'We have a father, an old man, and a young brother, the child of his old age. His brother is dead, and he alone is left of his mother's children, and his father loves him.'
Exo 15:13 "You have led in your steadfast love the people whom you have redeemed; you have guided them byyour strength to your holy abode.
Exo 20:6 but showing steadfast love to thousands of those who love me and keep my commandments.
Exo 21:5 But if the slave plainly says, 'I love my master, my wife, and my children; I will not go out free,'
Exo 34:6 The LORD passed before him and proclaimed, "The LORD, the LORD, a God merciful and gracious, slow to anger, and abounding in steadfast love and faithfulness,
Exo 34:7 keeping steadfast love for thousands, forgiving iniquity and transgression and sin, but who will by no means clear the guilty, visiting the iniquity of the fathers on the children and the children's children, to the third and the fourth generation."
Lev 11:3 Whatever parts the hoof and is cloven-footed and chews the cud, among the animals, you may eat.
Lev 11:7 And the pig, because it parts the hoof and is cloven-footed but does not chew the cud, is unclean to you.
Lev 11:26 Every animal that parts the hoof but is not cloven-footed or does not chew the cud is unclean to you. Everyone who touches them shall be unclean.
Lev 19:18 You shall not take vengeance or bear a grudge against the sons of your own people, but you shall love your neighbor as yourself: I am the LORD.
Lev 19:34 You shall treat the stranger who sojourns with you as the native among you, and you shall love him as yourself, for you were strangers in the land of Egypt: I am the LORD your God.
Num 14:18 'The LORD is slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love, forgiving iniquity and transgression, but he will by no means clear the guilty, visiting the iniquity of the fathers on the children, to the third and the fourth generation.'
Num 14:19 Please pardon the iniquity of this people, according to the greatness of your steadfast love, just as you have forgiven this people, from Egypt until now."
Num 24:5 How lovely are your tents, O Jacob, your encampments, O Israel!
Deu 4:37 And because he loved your fathers and chose their offspring after them and brought you out of Egypt with his own presence, by his great power,
Deu 5:10 but showing steadfast love to thousands of those who love me and keep my commandments.
Deu 6:5 You shall love the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your might.Deu 6:6 And these words that I command you today shall be on your heart.
Deu 7:7 It was not because you were more in number than any other people that the LORD set his love on you and chose you, for you were the fewest of all peoples,
Deu 7:8 but it is because the LORD loves you and is keeping the oath that he swore to your fathers, that the LORD has brought you out with a mighty hand and redeemed you from the house of slavery, from the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt.
Deu 7:9 Know therefore that the LORD your God is God, the faithful God who keeps covenant and steadfast love with those who love him and keep his commandments, to a thousand generations,
the covenant and the steadfast love that he swore to your fathers.Deu 7:13 He will love you, bless you, and multiply you. He will also bless the fruit of your womb and the fruit of your ground, your grain and your wine and your oil, the increase of your herds and the young of your flock, in the land that he swore to your fathers to give you.
Deu 10:12 "And now, Israel, what does the LORD your God require of you, but to fear the LORD your God, to walk in all his ways, to love him, to serve the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul,
Deu 10:15 Yet the LORD set his heart in love on your fathers and chose their offspring after them, you above all peoples, as you are this day.
Deu 10:18 He executes justice for the fatherless and the widow, and loves the sojourner, giving him food and clothing.
Deu 10:19 Love the sojourner, therefore, for you were sojourners in the land of Egypt.
Deu 11:1 "You shall therefore love the LORD your God and keep his charge, his statutes, his rules, and his commandments always.
Deu 11:13 "And if you will indeed obey my commandments that I command you today, to love the LORD your God, and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul,
Deu 11:22 For if you will be careful to do all this commandment that I command you to do, loving the LORD your God, walking in all his ways, and holding fast to him,
Deu 13:3 you shall not listen to the words of that prophet or that dreamer of dreams. For the LORD your God is testing you, to know whether you love the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul.
Deu 14:6 Every animal that parts the hoof and has the hoof cloven in two and chews the cud, among the animals, you may eat.
Deu 14:7 Yet of those that chew the cud or have the hoof cloven you shall not eat these: the camel, the hare, and the rock badger, because they chew the cud but do not part the hoof, are unclean for you.
Deu 15:16 But if he says to you, 'I will not go out from you,' because he loves you and your household, since he is well-off with you,
the land that he promised to give to your fathersDeu 19:9 provided you are careful to keep all this commandment, which I command you today, by loving the LORD your God and by walking ever in his ways- then you shall add three other cities to these three,
Deu 21:15 "If a man has two wives, the one loved and the other unloved, and both the loved and the unloved have borne him children, and if the firstborn son belongs to the unloved,
Deu 21:16 then on the day when he assigns his possessions as an inheritance to his sons, he may not treat the son of the loved as the firstborn in preference to the son of the unloved, who is the firstborn,
Deu 21:17 but he shall acknowledge the firstborn, the son of the unloved, by giving him a double portion of all that he has, for he is the firstfruits of his strength. The right of the firstborn is his.
Deu 23:5 But the LORD your God would not listen to Balaam; instead the LORD your God turned the curse into a blessing for you, because the LORD your God loved you.
Deu 30:6 And the LORD your God will circumcise your heart and the heart of your offspring, so that you will love the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul, that you may live.
Deu 30:16 If you obey the commandments of the LORD your God that I command you today, by loving the LORD your God, by walking in his ways, and by keeping his commandments and his statutes and his rules, then you shall live and multiply, and the LORD your God will bless you in the land that you are entering to take possession of it.
Deu 30:20 loving the LORD your God, obeying his voice and holding fast to him, for he is your life and length of days, that you may dwell in the land that the LORD swore to your fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give them."
Deu 33:3 Yes, he loved his people, all his holy ones were in his hand; so they followed in your steps, receiving direction from you,
Jos 22:5 Only be very careful to observe the commandment and the law that Moses the servant of the LORD commanded you, to love the LORD your God, and to walk in all his ways and to keep his commandments and to cling to him and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul."
Jos 23:11 Be very careful, therefore, to love the LORD your God.
Jdg 8:35 and they did not show steadfast love to the family of Jerubbaal (that is, Gideon) in return for all the good that he had done to Israel.
Jdg 14:16 And Samson's wife wept over him and said, "You only hate me; you do not love me. You have put a riddle to my people, and you have not told me what it is." And he said to her, "Behold, I have not told my father nor my mother, and shall I tell you?"
Jdg 16:4 After this he loved a woman in the Valley of Sorek, whose name was Delilah.
Jdg 16:15 And she said to him, "How can you say, 'I love you,' when your heart is not with me? You have mocked me these three times, and you have not told me where your great strength lies."
Rut 4:15 He shall be to you a restorer of life and a nourisher of your old age, for your daughter-in-law who loves you, who is more to you than seven sons, has given birth to him."
1Sa 1:5 But to Hannah he gave a double portion, because he loved her, though the LORD had closed her womb.
1Sa 16:21 And David came to Saul and entered his service. And Saul loved him greatly, and he became his armor-bearer.
1Sa 18:1 As soon as he had finished speaking to Saul, the soul of Jonathan was knit to the soul of David, and Jonathan loved him as his own soul.
1Sa 18:3 Then Jonathan made a covenant with David, because he loved him as his own soul.
1Sa 18:16 But all Israel and Judah loved David, for he went out and came in before them.
1Sa 18:20 Now Saul's daughter Michal loved David. And they told Saul, and the thing pleased him.
1Sa 18:22 And Saul commanded his servants, "Speak to David in private and say, 'Behold, the king has delight in you, and all his servants love you. Now then become the king's son-in-law.'"
1Sa 18:28 But when Saul saw and knew that the LORD was with David, and that Michal, Saul's daughter, loved him,
1Sa 20:14 If I am still alive, show me the steadfast love of the LORD, that I may not die;
1Sa 20:15 and do not cut off your steadfast love from my house forever, when the LORD cuts off every one of the enemies of David from the face of the earth."
1Sa 20:17 And Jonathan made David swear again by his love for him, for he loved him as he loved his own soul.
2Sa 1:23 "Saul and Jonathan, beloved and lovely! In life and in death they were not divided; they were swifter than eagles; they were stronger than lions.
2Sa 1:26 I am distressed for you, my brother Jonathan; very pleasant have you been to me; your love to me was extraordinary, surpassing the love of women.
2Sa 2:6 Now may the LORD show steadfast love and faithfulness to you. And I will do good to you because you have done this thing.
2Sa 3:8 Then Abner was very angry over the words of Ish-bosheth and said, "Am I a dog's head of Judah? To this day I keep showing steadfast love to the house of Saul your father, to his brothers, and to his friends, and have not given you into the hand of David. And yet you charge me today with a fault concerning a woman.
2Sa 7:15 but my steadfast love will not depart from him, as I took it from Saul, whom I put away from before you.
2Sa 12:24 Then David comforted his wife, Bathsheba, and went in to her and lay with her, and she bore a son, and he called his name Solomon. And the LORD loved him
2Sa 13:1 Now Absalom, David's son, had a beautiful sister, whose name was Tamar. And after a time Amnon, David's son, loved her.
2Sa 13:4 And he said to him, "O son of the king, why are you so haggard morning after morning? Will you not tell me?" Amnon said to him, "I love Tamar, my brother Absalom's sister."
2Sa 13:15 Then Amnon hated her with very great hatred, so that the hatred with which he hated her was greater than the love with which he had loved her. And Amnon said to her, "Get up! Go!"
2Sa 15:20 You came only yesterday, and shall I today make you wander about with us, since I go I know not where? Go back and take your brothers with you, and may the LORD show steadfast love and faithfulness to you."
2Sa 19:6 because you love those who hate you and hate those who love you. For you have made it clear today that commanders and servants are nothing to you, for today I know that if Absalom were alive and all of us were dead today, then you would be pleased.
2Sa 22:51 Great salvation he brings to his king, and shows steadfast love to his anointed, to David and his offspring forever."
1Ki 3:3 Solomon loved the LORD, walking in the statutes of David his father, only he sacrificed and made offerings at the high places.
1Ki 3:6 And Solomon said, "You have shown great and steadfast love to your servant David my father, because he walked before you in faithfulness, in righteousness, and in uprightness of heart toward you. And you have kept for him this great and steadfast love and have given him a son to sit on his throne this day.
1Ki 5:1 Now Hiram king of Tyre sent his servants to Solomon when he heard that they had anointed him king in place of his father, for Hiram always loved David.
1Ki 8:23 and said, "O LORD, God of Israel, there is no God like you, in heaven above or on earth beneath, keeping covenant and showing steadfast love to your servants who walk before you with all their heart,
1Ki 10:9 Blessed be the LORD your God, who has delighted in you and set you on the throne of Israel! Because the LORD loved Israel forever, he has made you king, that you may execute justice and righteousness."
1Ki 11:1 Now King Solomon loved many foreign women, along with the daughter of Pharaoh: Moabite, Ammonite, Edomite, Sidonian, and Hittite women,
1Ki 11:2 from the nations concerning which the LORD had said to the people of Israel, "You shall not enter into marriage with them, neither shall they with you, for surely they will turn away your heart after their gods." Solomon clung to these in love.
1Ch 16:34 Oh give thanks to the LORD, for he is good; for his steadfast love endures forever!
1Ch 16:41 With them were Heman and Jeduthun and the rest of those chosen and expressly named to give thanks to the LORD, for his steadfast love endures forever.
1Ch 17:13 I will be to him a father, and he shall be to me a son. I will not take my steadfast love from him, as I took it from him who was before you,
2Ch 1:8 And Solomon said to God, "You have shown great and steadfast love to David my father, and have made me king in his place.
2Ch 2:11 Then Hiram the king of Tyre answered in a letter that he sent to Solomon, "Because the LORD loves his people, he has made you king over them."
2Ch 5:13 and it was the duty of the trumpeters and singers to make themselves heard in unison in praise and thanksgiving to the LORD), and when the song was raised, with trumpets and cymbals and other musical instruments, in praise to the LORD, "For he is good, for his steadfast love endures forever," the house, the house of the LORD, was filled with a cloud,
2Ch 6:14 and said, "O LORD, God of Israel, there is no God like you, in heaven or on earth, keeping covenant and showing steadfast love to your servants who walk before you with all their heart,
2Ch 6:42 O LORD God, do not turn away the face of your anointed one! Remember your steadfast love for David your servant."
2Ch 7:3 When all the people of Israel saw the fire come down and the glory of the LORD on the temple, they bowed down with their faces to the ground on the pavement and worshiped and gave thanks to the LORD, saying, "For he is good, for his steadfast love endures forever."
2Ch 7:6 The priests stood at their posts; the Levites also, with the instruments for music to the LORD that King David had made for giving thanks to the LORD- for his steadfast love endures forever- whenever David offered praises by their ministry; opposite them the priests sounded trumpets, and all Israel stood.
2Ch 9:8 Blessed be the LORD your God, who has delighted in you and set you on his throne as king for the LORD your God! Because your God loved Israel and would establish them forever, he has made you king over them, that you may execute justice and righteousness."
2Ch 11:21 Rehoboam loved Maacah the daughter of Absalom above all his wives and concubines (he took eighteen wives and sixty concubines, and fathered twenty-eight sons and sixty daughters).
2Ch 19:2 But Jehu the son of Hanani the seer went out to meet him and said to King Jehoshaphat, "Should you help the wicked and love those who hate the LORD? Because of this, wrath has gone out against you from the LORD.
2Ch 20:21 And when he had taken counsel with the people, he appointed those who were to sing to the LORD and praise him in holy attire, as they went before the army, and say, "Give thanks to the LORD, for his steadfast love endures forever."
2Ch 26:10 And he built towers in the wilderness and cut out many cisterns, for he had large herds, both in the Shephelah and in the plain, and he had farmers and vinedressers in the hills and in the fertile lands, for he loved the soil.
Ezr 3:11 And they sang responsively, praising and giving thanks to the LORD, "For he is good, for his steadfast love endures forever toward Israel." And all the people shouted with a great shout when they praised the LORD, because the foundation of the house of the LORD was laid.
Ezr 7:28 and who extended to me his steadfast love before the king and his counselors, and before all the king's mighty officers. I took courage, for the hand of the LORD my God was on me, and I gathered leading men from Israel to go up with me.
Ezr 9:9 For we are slaves. Yet our God has not forsaken us in our slavery, but has extended to us his steadfast love before the kings of Persia, to grant us some reviving to set up the house of our God, to repair its ruins, and to give us protection in Judea and Jerusalem.
Neh 1:5 And I said, "O LORD God of heaven, the great and awesome God who keeps covenant and steadfast love with those who love him and keep his commandments,
Neh 9:17 They refused to obey and were not mindful of the wonders that you performed among them, but they stiffened their neck and appointed a leader to return to their slavery in Egypt. But you are a God ready to forgive, gracious and merciful, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love, and did not forsake them.
Neh 9:32 "Now, therefore, our God, the great, the mighty, and the awesome God, who keeps covenant and steadfast love, let not all the hardship seem little to you that has come upon us, upon our kings, our princes, our priests, our prophets, our fathers, and all your people, since the time of the kings of Assyria until this day.
Neh 13:22 Then I commanded the Levites that they should purify themselves and come and guard the gates, to keep the Sabbath day holy. Remember this also in my favor, O my God, and spare me according to the greatness of your steadfast love.
Est 1:11 to bring Queen Vashti before the king with her royal crown, in order to show the peoples and the princes her beauty, for she was lovely to look at.
Est 2:7 He was bringing up Hadassah, that is Esther, the daughter of his uncle, for she had neither father nor mother. The young woman had a beautiful figure and was lovely to look at, and when her father and her mother died, Mordecai took her as his own daughter.
Est 2:17 the king loved Esther more than all the women, and she won grace and favor in his sight more than all the virgins, so that he set the royal crown on her head and made her queen instead of Vashti.
Job 10:12 You have granted me life and steadfast love, and your care has preserved my spirit.
Job 19:19 All my intimate friends abhor me, and those whom I loved have turned against me.
Job 37:13 Whether for correction or for his land or for love, he causes it to happen.
Job 39:13 "The wings of the ostrich wave proudly, but are they the pinions and plumage of love?
Psa 4:2 O men, how long shall my honor be turned into shame? How long will you love vain words and seek after lies? Selah
Psa 5:7 But I, through the abundance of your steadfast love, will enter your house. I will bow down toward your holy temple in the fear of you.
Psa 5:11 But let all who take refuge in you rejoice; let them ever sing for joy, and spread your protection over them, that those who love your name may exult in you.
Psa 6:4 Turn, O LORD, deliver my life; save me for the sake of your steadfast love.
Psa 11:5 The LORD tests the righteous, but his soul hates the wicked and the one who loves violence.
Psa 11:7 For the LORD is righteous; he loves righteous deeds; the upright shall behold his face.
Psa 13:5 But I have trusted in your steadfast love; my heart shall rejoice in your salvation.
Psa 17:7 Wondrously show your steadfast love, O Savior of those who seek refuge from their adversaries at your right hand.
Psa 18:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID, THE SERVANT OF THE LORD, WHO ADDRESSED THE WORDS OF THIS SONG TO THE LORD ON THE DAY WHEN THE LORD RESCUED HIM FROM THE HAND OF ALL HIS ENEMIES, AND FROM THE HAND OF SAUL. HE SAID: I love you, O LORD, my strength.
Psa 18:50 Great salvation he brings to his king, and shows steadfast love to his anointed, to David and his offspring forever.
Psa 21:7 For the king trusts in the LORD, and through the steadfast love of the Most High he shall not be moved.
Psa 25:6 Remember your mercy, O LORD, and your steadfast love, for they have been from of old.
Psa 25:7 Remember not the sins of my youth or my transgressions; according to your steadfast love remember me, for the sake of your goodness, O LORD!
Psa 25:10 All the paths of the LORD are steadfast love and faithfulness, for those who keep his covenant and his testimonies.
Psa 26:3 For your steadfast love is before my eyes, and I walk in your faithfulness.
Psa 26:8 O LORD, I love the habitation of your house and the place where your glory dwells.
Psa 31:7 I will rejoice and be glad in your steadfast love, because you have seen my affliction; you have known the distress of my soul,
Psa 31:16 Make your face shine on your servant; save me in your steadfast love!
Psa 31:21 Blessed be the LORD, for he has wondrously shown his steadfast love to me when I was in a besieged city.
Psa 31:23 Love the LORD, all you his saints! The LORD preserves the faithful but abundantly repays the one who acts in pride.
Psa 32:10 Many are the sorrows of the wicked, but steadfast love surrounds the one who trusts in the LORD.
Psa 33:5 He loves righteousness and justice; the earth is full of the steadfast love of the LORD.
Psa 33:18 Behold, the eye of the LORD is on those who fear him, on those who hope in his steadfast love,
Psa 33:22 Let your steadfast love, O LORD, be upon us, even as we hope in you.
Psa 34:12 What man is there who desires life and loves many days, that he may see good?Psa 34:13 Keep your tongue from evil and your lips from speaking deceit.
Psa 36:5 Your steadfast love, O LORD, extends to the heavens, your faithfulness to the clouds.
Psa 36:7 How precious is your steadfast love, O God! The children of mankind take refuge in the shadow of
Psa 36:10 Oh, continue your steadfast love to those who know you, and your righteousness to the upright of heart!
Psa 37:28 For the LORD loves justice; he will not forsake his saints. They are preserved forever, but the children of the wicked shall be cut off.
Psa 40:10 I have not hidden your deliverance within my heart; I have spoken of your faithfulness and your salvation; I have not concealed your steadfast love and your faithfulness from the great congregation.
Psa 40:11 As for you, O LORD, you will not restrain your mercy from me; your steadfast love and your faithfulness will ever preserve me!
Psa 40:16 But may all who seek you rejoice and be glad in you; may those who love your salvation say continually, "Great is the LORD!"
Psa 42:8 By day the LORD commands his steadfast love, and at night his song is with me, a prayer to the God of my life.
Psa 44:26 Rise up; come to our help! Redeem us for the sake of your steadfast love!
Psa 45:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO LILIES. A MASKIL OF THE SONS OF KORAH; A LOVE SONG. My heart overflows with a pleasing theme; I address my verses to the king; my tongue is like the pen of a ready scribe.
Psa 45:7 you have loved righteousness and hated wickedness. Therefore God, your God, has anointed you with the oil of gladness beyond your companions;
Psa 47:4 He chose our heritage for us, the pride of Jacob whom he loves. Selah
Psa 48:9 We have thought on your steadfast love, O God, in the midst of your temple.
Psa 51:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID, WHEN NATHAN THE PROPHET WENT TO HIM, AFTER HE HAD GONE IN TO BATHSHEBA. Have mercy on me, O God, according to your steadfast love; according to your abundant mercy blot out my transgressions.
Psa 52:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A MASKIL OF DAVID, WHEN DOEG, THE EDOMITE, CAME AND TOLD SAUL, "DAVID HAS COME TO THE HOUSE OF AHIMELECH." Why do you boast of evil, O mighty man? The steadfast love of God endures all the day.
Psa 52:3 You love evil more than good, and lying more than speaking what is right. Selah
Psa 52:4 You love all words that devour, O deceitful tongue.Psa 52:5 But God will break you down forever; he will snatch and tear you from your tent; he will uproot you from the land of the living. Selah
Psa 52:8 But I am like a green olive tree in the house of God. I trust in the steadfast love of God forever and ever.
Psa 57:3 He will send from heaven and save me; he will put to shame him who tramples on me. Selah God will send out his steadfast love and his faithfulness!
Psa 57:10 For your steadfast love is great to the heavens, your faithfulness to the clouds.
Psa 59:10 My God in his steadfast love will meet me; God will let me look in triumph on my enemies.
Psa 59:16 But I will sing of your strength; I will sing aloud of your steadfast love in the morning. For you have been to me a fortress and a refuge in the day of my distress.
Psa 59:17 O my Strength, I will sing praises to you, for you, O God, are my fortress, the God who shows me steadfast love.
Psa 61:7 May he be enthroned forever before God; appoint steadfast love and faithfulness to watch over him!
Psa 62:12 and that to you, O Lord, belongs steadfast love. For you will render to a man according to his work.
Psa 63:3 Because your steadfast love is better than life, my lips will praise you.
Psa 66:20 Blessed be God, because he has not rejected my prayer or removed his steadfast love from me!
Psa 69:13 But as for me, my prayer is to you, O LORD. At an acceptable time, O God, in the abundance of your steadfast love answer me in your saving faithfulness.
Psa 69:16 Answer me, O LORD, for your steadfast love is good; according to your abundant mercy, turn to me.
Psa 69:36 the offspring of his servants shall inherit it, and those who love his name shall dwell in it.
Psa 70:3 Let them turn back because of their shame who say, "Aha, Aha!"Psa 70:4 May all who seek you rejoice and be glad in you! May those who love your salvation say evermore, "God is great!"
Psa 77:8 Has his steadfast love forever ceased? Are his promises at an end for all time?
Psa 78:68 but he chose the tribe of Judah, Mount Zion, which he loves.
Psa 84:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO THE GITTITH. A PSALM OF THE SONS OF KORAH. How lovely is your dwelling place, O LORD of hosts!
Psa 85:7 Show us your steadfast love, O LORD, and grant us your salvation.
Psa 85:10 Steadfast love and faithfulness meet; righteousness and peace kiss each other.
Psa 86:5 For you, O Lord, are good and forgiving, abounding in steadfast love to all who call upon you.
Psa 86:13 For great is your steadfast love toward me; you have delivered my soul from the depths of Sheol.
Psa 86:15 But you, O Lord, are a God merciful and gracious, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love and faithfulness.
Psa 87:2 the LORD loves the gates of Zion more than all the dwelling places of Jacob.
Psa 88:11 Is your steadfast love declared in the grave, or your faithfulness in Abaddon?
Psa 89:1 A MASKIL OF ETHAN THE EZRAHITE. I will sing of the steadfast love of the LORD, forever; with my mouth I will make known your faithfulness to all generations.
Psa 89:2 For I said, "Steadfast love will be built up forever; in the heavens you will establish your faithfulness."
Psa 89:14 Righteousness and justice are the foundation of your throne; steadfast love and faithfulness go before you.
Psa 89:24 My faithfulness and my steadfast love shall be with him, and in my name shall his horn be exalted.
Psa 89:28 My steadfast love I will keep for him forever, and my covenant will stand firm for him.
Psa 89:33 but I will not remove from him my steadfast love or be false to my faithfulness.
Psa 89:49 Lord, where is your steadfast love of old, which by your faithfulness you swore to David?
Psa 90:14 Satisfy us in the morning with your steadfast love, that we may rejoice and be glad all our days.
Psa 91:14 "Because he holds fast to me in love, I will deliver him; I will protect him, because he knows myname.
Psa 92:2 to declare your steadfast love in the morning, and your faithfulness by night,
Psa 94:18 When I thought, "My foot slips," your steadfast love, O LORD, held me up.
Psa 97:10 O you who love the LORD, hate evil! He preserves the lives of his saints; he delivers them from the hand of the wicked.
Psa 98:3 He has remembered his steadfast love and faithfulness to the house of Israel. All the ends of the earth have seen the salvation of our God.
Psa 99:4 The King in his might loves justice. You have established equity; you have executed justice and righteousness in Jacob.
Psa 100:5 For the LORD is good; his steadfast love endures forever, and his faithfulness to all generations.
Psa 101:1 A PSALM OF DAVID.I will sing of steadfast love and justice; to you, O LORD, I will make music.
Psa 103:4 who redeems your life from the pit, who crowns you with steadfast love and mercy,Psa 103:5 who satisfies you with good so that your youth is renewed like the eagle's.
Psa 103:8 The LORD is merciful and gracious, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love.
Psa 103:11 For as high as the heavens are above the earth, so great is his steadfast love toward those who fear him;
Psa 103:17 But the steadfast love of the LORD is from everlasting to everlasting on those who fear him, and his righteousness to children's children,
Psa 106:1 Praise the LORD! Oh give thanks to the LORD, for he is good, for his steadfast love endures forever!
Psa 106:7 Our fathers, when they were in Egypt, did not consider your wondrous works; they did not rememberthe abundance of your steadfast love, but rebelled by the Sea, at the Red Sea.
Psa 106:45 For their sake he remembered his covenant, and relented according to the abundance of his steadfast love.
Psa 107:1 Oh give thanks to the LORD, for he is good, for his steadfast love endures forever!
Psa 107:8 Let them thank the LORD for his steadfast love, for his wondrous works to the children of men!
Psa 107:15 Let them thank the LORD for his steadfast love, for his wondrous works to the children of men!
Psa 107:21 Let them thank the LORD for his steadfast love, for his wondrous works to the children of men!
Psa 107:31 Let them thank the LORD for his steadfast love, for his wondrous works to the children of men!
Psa 107:43 Whoever is wise, let him attend to these things; let them consider the steadfast love of the LORD.
Psa 108:4 For your steadfast love is great above the heavens; your faithfulness reaches to the clouds.
Psa 109:4 In return for my love they accuse me, but I give myself to prayer.
Psa 109:5 So they reward me evil for good, and hatred for my love.
Psa 109:17 He loved to curse; let curses come upon him! He did not delight in blessing; may it be far from him!
Psa 109:21 But you, O GOD my Lord, deal on my behalf for your name's sake; because your steadfast love is good, deliver me!
Psa 109:26 Help me, O LORD my God! Save me according to your steadfast love!
Psa 115:1 Not to us, O LORD, not to us, but to your name give glory, for the sake of your steadfast love and your faithfulness!
Psa 116:1 I love the LORD, because he has heard my voice and my pleas for mercy.
Psa 117:2 For great is his steadfast love toward us, and the faithfulness of the LORD endures forever. Praise the LORD!
Psa 118:1 Oh give thanks to the LORD, for he is good; for his steadfast love endures forever!
Psa 118:2 Let Israel say, "His steadfast love endures forever."
Psa 118:3 Let the house of Aaron say, "His steadfast love endures forever."
Psa 118:4 Let those who fear the LORD say, "His steadfast love endures forever."
Psa 118:29 Oh give thanks to the LORD, for he is good; for his steadfast love endures forever!
Psa 119:41 Let your steadfast love come to me, O LORD, your salvation according to your promise;
Psa 119:47 for I find my delight in your commandments, which I love.
Psa 119:48 I will lift up my hands toward your commandments, which I love, and I will meditate on your statutes.
Psa 119:64 The earth, O LORD, is full of your steadfast love; teach me your statutes!
Psa 119:76 Let your steadfast love comfort me according to your promise to your servant.
Psa 119:88 In your steadfast love give me life, that I may keep the testimonies of your mouth.
Psa 119:97 Oh how I love your law! It is my meditation all the day.
Psa 119:113 I hate the double-minded, but I love your law.
Psa 119:119 All the wicked of the earth you discard like dross, therefore I love your testimonies.
Psa 119:124 Deal with your servant according to your steadfast love, and teach me your statutes.
Psa 119:127 Therefore I love your commandments above gold, above fine gold.
Psa 119:132 Turn to me and be gracious to me, as is your way with those who love your name.
Psa 119:140 Your promise is well tried, and your servant loves it.
Psa 119:149 Hear my voice according to your steadfast love; O LORD, according to your justice give me life.
Psa 119:159 Consider how I love your precepts! Give me life according to your steadfast love.
Psa 119:163 I hate and abhor falsehood, but I love your law.
Psa 119:165 Great peace have those who love your law; nothing can make them stumble.
Psa 119:167 My soul keeps your testimonies; I love them exceedingly.
Psa 122:6 Pray for the peace of Jerusalem! "May they be secure who love you!
Psa 130:7 O Israel, hope in the LORD! For with the LORD there is steadfast love, and with him is plentiful redemption.
Psa 136:1 Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good, for his steadfast love endures forever.
Psa 136:2 Give thanks to the God of gods, for his steadfast love endures forever.
Psa 136:3 Give thanks to the Lord of lords, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:4 to him who alone does great wonders, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:5 to him who by understanding made the heavens, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:6 to him who spread out the earth above the waters, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:7 to him who made the great lights, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:8 the sun to rule over the day, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:9 the moon and stars to rule over the night, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:10 to him who struck down the firstborn of Egypt, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:11 and brought Israel out from among them, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:12 with a strong hand and an outstretched arm, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:13 to him who divided the Red Sea in two, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:14 and made Israel pass through the midst of it, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:15 but overthrew Pharaoh and his host in the Red Sea, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:16 to him who led his people through the wilderness, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:17 to him who struck down great kings, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:18 and killed mighty kings, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:19 Sihon, king of the Amorites, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:20 and Og, king of Bashan, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:21 and gave their land as a heritage, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:22 a heritage to Israel his servant, for his steadfast love endures forever.
Psa 136:23 It is he who remembered us in our low estate, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:24 and rescued us from our foes, for his steadfast love endures forever;
Psa 136:25 he who gives food to all flesh, for his steadfast love endures forever.
Psa 136:26 Give thanks to the God of heaven, for his steadfast love endures forever.
Psa 138:2 I bow down toward your holy temple and give thanks to your name for your steadfast love and your faithfulness, for you have exalted above all things your name and your word.
Psa 138:8 The LORD will fulfill his purpose for me; your steadfast love, O LORD, endures forever. Do not forsake the work of your hands.
Psa 143:8 Let me hear in the morning of your steadfast love, for in you I trust. Make me know the way I should go, for to you I lift up my soul.
Psa 143:12 And in your steadfast love you will cut off my enemies, and you will destroy all the adversaries of my soul, for I am your servant.
Psa 144:2 he is my steadfast love and my fortress, my stronghold and my deliverer, my shield and he in whom I take refuge, who subdues peoples under me.
Psa 145:8 The LORD is gracious and merciful, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love.
Psa 145:20 The LORD preserves all who love him, but all the wicked he will destroy.
Psa 146:8 the LORD opens the eyes of the blind. The LORD lifts up those who are bowed down; the LORD loves the righteous.
Psa 147:11 but the LORD takes pleasure in those who fear him, in those who hope in his steadfast love.
Pro 1:22 "How long, O simple ones, will you love being simple? How long will scoffers delight in their scoffing and fools hate knowledge?
Pro 3:3 Let not steadfast love and faithfulness forsake you; bind them around your neck; write them on the tablet of your heart.
Pro 3:12 for the LORD reproves him whom he loves, as a father the son in whom he delights.
Pro 4:6 Do not forsake her, and she will keep you; love her, and she will guard you.
Pro 5:19 a lovely deer, a graceful doe. Let her breasts fill you at all times with delight; be intoxicated always in her love.
Pro 7:18 Come, let us take our fill of love till morning; let us delight ourselves with love.
Pro 8:17 I love those who love me, and those who seek me diligently find me.
Pro 8:21 granting an inheritance to those who love me, and filling their treasuries.
Pro 8:36 but he who fails to find me injures himself; all who hate me love death."
Pro 9:8 Do not reprove a scoffer, or he will hate you; reprove a wise man, and he will love you.
Pro 10:12 Hatred stirs up strife, but love covers all offenses.
Pro 12:1 Whoever loves discipline loves knowledge, but he who hates reproof is stupid.
Pro 13:24 Whoever spares the rod hates his son, but he who loves him is diligent to discipline him.
Pro 14:22 Do they not go astray who devise evil? Those who devise good meet steadfast love and faithfulness.
Pro 15:9 The way of the wicked is an abomination to the LORD, but he loves him who pursues righteousness.
Pro 15:17 Better is a dinner of herbs where love is than a fattened ox and hatred with it.
Pro 16:6 By steadfast love and faithfulness iniquity is atoned for, and by the fear of the LORD one turns away from evil.
Pro 16:13 Righteous lips are the delight of a king, and he loves him who speaks what is right.
Pro 17:9 Whoever covers an offense seeks love, but he who repeats a matter separates close friends.
Pro 17:17 A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for adversity.
Pro 17:19 Whoever loves transgression loves strife; he who makes his door high seeks destruction.
Pro 18:21 Death and life are in the power of the tongue, and those who love it will eat its fruits.
Pro 19:8 Whoever gets sense loves his own soul; he who keeps understanding will discover good.
Pro 19:22 What is desired in a man is steadfast love, and a poor man is better than a liar.
Pro 20:6 Many a man proclaims his own steadfast love, but a faithful man who can find?
Pro 20:13 Love not sleep, lest you come to poverty; open your eyes, and you will have plenty of bread.
Pro 20:28 Steadfast love and faithfulness preserve the king, and by steadfast love his throne is upheld.
Pro 21:17 Whoever loves pleasure will be a poor man; he who loves wine and oil will not be rich.
Pro 22:11 He who loves purity of heart, and whose speech is gracious, will have the king as his friend.
Pro 27:5 Better is open rebuke than hidden love.
Pro 29:3 He who loves wisdom makes his father glad, but a companion of prostitutes squanders his wealth.
Ecc 3:8 a time to love, and a time to hate; a time for war, and a time for peace.
Ecc 5:10 He who loves money will not be satisfied with money, nor he who loves wealth with his income; this also is vanity.
Ecc 9:1 But all this I laid to heart, examining it all, how the righteous and the wise and their deeds are in the hand of God. Whether it is love or hate, man does not know; both are before him.
Ecc 9:6 Their love and their hate and their envy have already perished, and forever they have no more share in all that is done under the sun.
Ecc 9:9 Enjoy life with the wife whom you love, all the days of your vain life that he has given you under the sun, because that is your portion in life and in your toil at which you toil under the sun.
Sol 1:2 Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth! For your love is better than wine;
Sol 1:3 your anointing oils are fragrant; your name is oil poured out; therefore virgins love you.
Sol 1:4 Draw me after you; let us run. The king has brought me into his chambers. We will exult and rejoice in you; we will extol your love more than wine; rightly do they love you.
Sol 1:5 I am very dark, but lovely, O daughters of Jerusalem, like the tents of Kedar, like the curtains of Solomon.
Sol 1:7 Tell me, you whom my soul loves, where you pasture your flock, where you make it lie down at noon; for why should I be like one who veils herself beside the flocks of your companions?
Sol 1:9 I compare you, my love, to a mare among Pharaoh's chariots.
Sol 1:10 Your cheeks are lovely with ornaments, your neck with strings of jewels.
Sol 1:15 Behold, you are beautiful, my love; behold, you are beautiful; your eyes are doves.
Sol 1:16 Behold, you are beautiful, my beloved, truly delightful. Our couch is green;
Sol 2:2 As a lily among brambles, so is my love among the young women.
Sol 2:4 He brought me to the banqueting house, and his banner over me was love.
Sol 2:5 Sustain me with raisins; refresh me with apples, for I am sick with love.
Sol 2:7 I adjure you, O daughters of Jerusalem, by the gazelles or the does of the field, that you not stir up or awaken love until it pleases.
Sol 2:8 The voice of my beloved! Behold, he comes, leaping over the mountains, bounding over the hills.
Sol 2:10 My beloved speaks and says to me: "Arise, my love, my beautiful one, and come away,
Sol 2:13 The fig tree ripens its figs, and the vines are in blossom; they give forth fragrance. Arise, my love, my beautiful one, and come away.
Sol 2:14 O my dove, in the clefts of the rock, in the crannies of the cliff, let me see your face, let me hear your voice, for your voice is sweet, and your face is lovely.
Sol 2:17 Until the day breathes and the shadows flee, turn, my beloved, be like a gazelle or a young stag on cleft mountains.
Sol 3:1 On my bed by nightI sought him whom my soul loves; I sought him, but found him not.
Sol 3:2 I will rise now and go about the city, in the streets and in the squares; I will seek him whom my soul loves. I sought him, but found him not.
Sol 3:3 The watchmen found me as they went about in the city. "Have you seen him whom my soul loves?"
Sol 3:4 Scarcely had I passed them when I found him whom my soul loves. I held him, and would not let him go until I had brought him into my mother's house, and into the chamber of her who conceived me.
Sol 3:5 I adjure you, O daughters of Jerusalem, by the gazelles or the does of the field, that you not stir up or awaken love until it pleases.
Sol 3:10 He made its posts of silver, its back of gold, its seat of purple; its interior was inlaid with love by the daughters of Jerusalem.
Sol 4:1 Behold, you are beautiful, my love, behold, you are beautiful! Your eyes are doves behind your veil. Your hair is like a flock of goats leaping down the slopes of Gilead.
Sol 4:3 Your lips are like a scarlet thread, and your mouth is lovely. Your cheeks are like halves of a pomegranate behind your veil.
Sol 4:7 You are altogether beautiful, my love; there is no flaw in you.
Sol 4:10 How beautiful is your love, my sister, my bride! How much better is your love than wine, and the fragrance of your oils than any spice!
Sol 5:1 I came to my garden, my sister, my bride, I gathered my myrrh with my spice, I ate my honeycomb with my honey, I drank my wine with my milk. Eat, friends, drink, and be drunk with love!
Sol 5:2 I slept, but my heart was awake. A sound! My beloved is knocking. "Open to me, my sister, my love, my dove, my perfect one, for my head is wet with dew, my locks with the drops of the night."
Sol 5:5 I arose to open to my beloved, and my hands dripped with myrrh, my fingers with liquid myrrh, on the handles of the bolt.
Sol 5:6 I opened to my beloved, but my beloved had turned and gone. My soul failed me when he spoke. I sought him, but found him not; I called him, but he gave no answer.
my veil, those watchmen of the walls.Sol 5:8 I adjure you, O daughters of Jerusalem, if you find my beloved, that you tell him I am sick with love.
Sol 5:9 What is your beloved more than another beloved, O most beautiful among women? What is your beloved more than another beloved, that you thus adjure us?
Sol 6:3 I am my beloved's and my beloved is mine; he grazes among the lilies.
Sol 6:4 You are beautiful as Tirzah, my love, lovely as Jerusalem, awesome as an army with banners.
Sol 7:6 How beautiful and pleasant you are, O loved one, with all your delights!
Sol 7:9 and your mouth like the best wine. It goes down smoothly for my beloved, gliding over lips and teeth.
Sol 7:10 I am my beloved's, and his desire is for me.
Sol 7:11 Come, my beloved, let us go out into the fields and lodge in the villages;
Sol 7:12 let us go out early to the vineyards and see whether the vines have budded, whether the grape blossoms have opened and the pomegranates are in bloom. There I will give you my love.
Sol 7:13 The mandrakes give forth fragrance, and beside our doors are all choice fruits, new as well as old, which I have laid up for you, O my beloved.
Sol 8:3 His left hand is under my head, and his right hand embraces me!Sol 8:4 I adjure you, O daughters of Jerusalem, that you not stir up or awaken love until it pleases.
Sol 8:5 Who is that coming up from the wilderness, leaning on her beloved? Under the apple tree I awakened you. There your mother was in labor with you; there she who bore you was in labor.
Sol 8:6 Set me as a seal upon your heart, as a seal upon your arm, for love is strong as death, jealousy is fierce as the grave. Its flashes are flashes of fire, the very flame of the LORD.
Sol 8:7 Many waters cannot quench love, neither can floods drown it. If a man offered for love all the wealth of his house, he would be utterly despised.
Sol 8:14 Make haste, my beloved, and be like a gazelle or a young stag on the mountains of spices.
Isa 1:23 Your princes are rebels and companions of thieves. Everyone loves a bribe and runs after gifts. Theydo not bring justice to the fatherless, and the widow's cause does not come to them.
Isa 5:1 Let me sing for my belovedmy love song concerning his vineyard:: My beloved had a vineyard on a very fertile hill.
Isa 16:5 then a throne will be established in steadfast love, and on it will sit in faithfulness in the tent of David one who judges and seeks justice and is swift to do righteousness."
Isa 38:17 Behold, it was for my welfare that I had great bitterness; but in love you have delivered my life from the pit of destruction, for you have cast all my sins behind your back.
Isa 43:4 Because you are precious in my eyes, and honored, and I love you, I give men in return for you, peoples in exchange for your life.
Isa 47:8 Now therefore hear this, you lover of pleasures, who sit securely, who say in your heart, "I am, and there is no one besides me; I shall not sit as a widow or know the loss of children":
Isa 48:14 "Assemble, all of you, and listen! who among them has declared these things? The LORD loves him; he shall perform his purpose on Babylon, and his arm shall be against the Chaldeans.
Isa 54:8 In overflowing anger for a moment I hid my face from you, but with everlasting love I will have compassion on you," says the LORD, your Redeemer.
Isa 54:10 For the mountains may depart and the hills be removed, but my steadfast love shall not depart from you, and my covenant of peace shall not be removed," says the LORD, who has compassion on you.
Isa 55:3 Incline your ear, and come to me; hear, that your soul may live; and I will make with you an everlasting covenant, my steadfast, sure love for David.
Isa 56:6 "And the foreigners who join themselves to the LORD, to minister to him, to love the name of the LORD, and to be his servants, everyone who keeps the Sabbath and does not profane it, and holds fast my
Isa 56:10 His watchmen are blind; they are all without knowledge; they are all silent dogs; they cannot bark, dreaming, lying down, loving to slumber.
Isa 57:8 Behind the door and the doorpost you have set up your memorial; for, deserting me, you have uncovered your bed, you have gone up to it, you have made it wide; and you have made a covenant for yourself with them, you have loved their bed, you have looked on nakedness.
Isa 61:8 For I the LORD love justice; I hate robbery and wrong; I will faithfully give them their recompense, and I will make an everlasting covenant with them.
Isa 63:7 I will recount the steadfast love of the LORD, the praises of the LORD, according to all that the LORD has granted us, and the great goodness to the house of Israel that he has granted them according to his compassion, according to the abundance of his steadfast love.
Isa 63:9 In all their affliction he was afflicted, and the angel of his presence saved them; in his love and in his pity he redeemed them; he lifted them up and carried them all the days of old.
Isa 66:10 "Rejoice with Jerusalem, and be glad for her, all you who love her; rejoice with her in joy, all you who mourn over her;
Jer 2:2 "Go and proclaim in the hearing of Jerusalem, Thus says the LORD, "I remember the devotion of your youth, your love as a bride, how you followed me in the wilderness, in a land not sown.
Jer 2:25 Keep your feet from going unshod and your throat from thirst. But you said, 'It is hopeless, for I have loved foreigners, and after them I will go.'
Jer 2:33 "How well you direct your course to seek love! So that even to wicked women you have taught your ways.
Jer 3:1 "If a man divorces his wifeand she goes from him and becomes another man's wife, will he return to her? Would not that land be greatly polluted? You have played the whore with many lovers; and would you return to me? declares the LORD.
Jer 3:2 Lift up your eyes to the bare heights, and see! Where have you not been ravished? By the waysides you have sat awaiting lovers like an Arab in the wilderness. You have polluted the land with your vile whoredom.
Jer 4:30 And you, O desolate one, what do you mean that you dress in scarlet, that you adorn yourself with ornaments of gold, that you enlarge your eyes with paint? In vain you beautify yourself. Your lovers despise you; they seek your life.
Jer 5:31 the prophets prophesy falsely, and the priests rule at their direction; my people love to have it so, but what will you do when the end comes?
Jer 6:2 The lovely and delicately bred I will destroy, the daughter of Zion.
Jer 8:2 And they shall be spread before the sun and the moon and all the host of heaven, which they have loved and served, which they have gone after, and which they have sought and worshiped. And they shall not be gathered or buried. They shall be as dung on the surface of the ground.
Jer 9:24 but let him who boasts boast in this, that he understands and knows me, that I am the LORD who practices steadfast love, justice, and righteousness in the earth. For in these things I delight, declares the LORD."
Jer 14:10 Thus says the LORD concerning this people: "They have loved to wander thus; they have not restrained their feet; therefore the LORD does not accept them; now he will remember their iniquity and punish their sins."
Jer 16:5 "For thus says the LORD: Do not enter the house of mourning, or go to lament or grieve for them, for I have taken away my peace from this people, my steadfast love and mercy, declares the LORD.
Jer 22:20 "Go up to Lebanon, and cry out, and lift up your voice in Bashan; cry out from Abarim, for all your lovers are destroyed.
Jer 22:22 The wind shall shepherd all your shepherds, and your lovers shall go into captivity; then you will be ashamed and confounded because of all your evil.
Jer 30:14 All your lovers have forgotten you; they care nothing for you; for I have dealt you the blow of an enemy, the punishment of a merciless foe, because your guilt is great, because your sins are flagrant.
Jer 31:3 the LORD appeared to him from far away. I have loved you with an everlasting love; therefore I have continued my faithfulness to you.
Jer 32:18 You show steadfast love to thousands, but you repay the guilt of fathers to their children after them, O great and mighty God, whose name is the LORD of hosts,
Jer 33:11 the voice of mirth and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom and the voice of the bride, the voices of those who sing, as they bring thank offerings to the house of the LORD: "' Give thanks to the LORD of hosts, for the LORD is good, for his steadfast love endures forever!' For I will restore the fortunes of the land as at first, says the LORD.
Lam 1:2 She weeps bitterly in the night, with tears on her cheeks; among all her lovers she has none to comfort her; all her friends have dealt treacherously with her; they have become her enemies.
Lam 1:19 "I called to my lovers, but they deceived me; my priests and elders perished in the city, while they sought food to revive their strength.
Lam 3:22 The steadfast love of the LORD never ceases; his mercies never come to an end;
Lam 3:32 but, though he cause grief, he will have compassion according to the abundance of his steadfast love;
Eze 16:8 "When I passed by you again and saw you, behold, you were at the age for love, and I spread the corner of my garment over you and covered your nakedness; I made my vow to you and entered into a covenant with you, declares the Lord GOD, and you became mine.
Eze 16:30 "How lovesick is your heart, declares the Lord GOD, because you did all these things, the deeds of a brazen prostitute,
Eze 16:33 Men give gifts to all prostitutes, but you gave your gifts to all your lovers, bribing them to come to you from every side with your whorings.
Eze 16:36 Thus says the Lord GOD, Because your lust was poured out and your nakedness uncovered in your whorings with your lovers, and with all your abominable idols, and because of the blood of your children that you gave to them,
Eze 16:37 therefore, behold, I will gather all your lovers with whom you took pleasure, all those you loved and all those you hated. I will gather them against you from every side and will uncover your nakedness to them, that they may see all your nakedness.
Eze 23:5 "Oholah played the whore while she was mine, and she lusted after her lovers the Assyrians, warriors
Eze 23:9 Therefore I delivered her into the hands of her lovers, into the hands of the Assyrians, after whom she lusted.
Eze 23:17 And the Babylonians came to her into the bed of love, and they defiled her with their whoring lust. And after she was defiled by them, she turned from them in disgust.
Eze 23:22 Therefore, O Oholibah, thus says the Lord GOD: "Behold, I will stir up against you your lovers from whom you turned in disgust, and I will bring them against you from every side:
Dan 9:4 I prayed to the LORD my God and made confession, saying, "O Lord, the great and awesome God, who keeps covenant and steadfast love with those who love him and keep his commandments,
Dan 9:23 At the beginning of your pleas for mercy a word went out, and I have come to tell it to you, for you are greatly loved. Therefore consider the word and understand the vision.
Dan 10:11 And he said to me, "O Daniel, man greatly loved, understand the words that I speak to you, and stand upright, for now I have been sent to you." And when he had spoken this word to me, I stood up trembling.
Dan 10:19 And he said, "O man greatly loved, fear not, peace be with you; be strong and of good courage." And as he spoke to me, I was strengthened and said, "Let my lord speak, for you have strengthened me."
Hos 2:5 For their mother has played the whore; she who conceived them has acted shamefully. For she said, 'I will go after my lovers, who give me my bread and my water, my wool and my flax, my oil and my drink.'
Hos 2:7 She shall pursue her lovers but not overtake them, and she shall seek them but shall not find them. Then she shall say, 'I will go and return to my first husband, for it was better for me then than now.'
Hos 2:10 Now I will uncover her lewdness in the sight of her lovers, and no one shall rescue her out of my hand.
Hos 2:12 And I will lay waste her vines and her fig trees, of which she said, 'These are my wages, which my lovers have given me.' I will make them a forest, and the beasts of the field shall devour them.
Hos 2:13 And I will punish her for the feast days of the Baals when she burned offerings to them and adorned herself with her ring and jewelry, and went after her lovers and forgot me, declares the LORD.
Hos 2:19 And I will betroth you to me forever. I will betroth you to me in righteousness and in justice, in steadfast love and in mercy.
Hos 3:1 And the LORD said to me, "Go again, love a woman who is loved by another man and is an adulteress, even as the LORD loves the children of Israel, though they turn to other gods and love cakes of raisins."
Hos 4:1 Hear the word of the LORD, O children of Israel, for the LORD has a controversy with the inhabitants of the land. There is no faithfulness or steadfast love, and no knowledge of God in the land;
Hos 4:18 When their drink is gone, they give themselves to whoring; their rulers dearly love shame.
Hos 6:4 What shall I do with you, O Ephraim? What shall I do with you, O Judah? Your love is like a morning cloud, like the dew that goes early away.
Hos 6:6 For I desire steadfast love and not sacrifice, the knowledge of God rather than burnt offerings.
Hos 8:9 For they have gone up to Assyria, a wild donkey wandering alone; Ephraim has hired lovers.
Hos 9:1 Rejoice not, O Israel!Exult not like the peoples; for you have played the whore, forsaking your God. You have loved a prostitute's wages on all threshing floors.
Hos 9:10 Like grapes in the wilderness, I found Israel. Like the first fruit on the fig tree in its first season, I saw your fathers. But they came to Baal-peor and consecrated themselves to the thing of shame, and became detestable like the thing they loved.
Hos 9:15 Every evil of theirs is in Gilgal; there I began to hate them. Because of the wickedness of their deeds I will drive them out of my house. I will love them no more; all their princes are rebels.
Hos 10:11 Ephraim was a trained calf that loved to thresh, and I spared her fair neck; but I will put Ephraim to the yoke; Judah must plow; Jacob must harrow for himself.
Hos 10:12 Sow for yourselves righteousness; reap steadfast love; break up your fallow ground, for it is the time to seek the LORD, that he may come and rain righteousness upon you.
Hos 11:1 When Israel was a child, I loved him, and out of Egypt I called my son.
Hos 11:4 I led them with cords of kindness, with the bands of love, and I became to them as one who eases the yoke on their jaws, and I bent down to them and fed them.
Hos 12:6 "So you, by the help of your God, return, hold fast to love and justice, and wait continually for your God."
Hos 12:7 A merchant, in whose hands are false balances, he loves to oppress.
Hos 14:4 I will heal their apostasy; I will love them freely, for my anger has turned from them.
Joe 2:13 and rend your hearts and not your garments." Return to the LORD, your God, for he is gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and abounding in steadfast love; and he relents over disaster.
Amo 4:5 offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving of that which is leavened, and proclaim freewill offerings, publish them; for so you love to do, O people of Israel!" declares the Lord GOD.
Amo 5:15 Hate evil, and love good, and establish justice in the gate; it may be that the LORD, the God of hosts, will be gracious to the remnant of Joseph.
Amo 8:13 "In that day the lovely virgins and the young men shall faint for thirst.
Jon 2:8 Those who pay regard to vain idols forsake their hope of steadfast love.
Jon 4:2 And he prayed to the LORD and said, "O LORD, is not this what I said when I was yet in my country? That is why I made haste to flee to Tarshish; for I knew that you are a gracious God and merciful, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love, and relenting from disaster.
Mic 3:2 you who hate the good and love the evil, who tear the skin from off my people and their flesh from off their bones,
Mic 6:8 He has told you, O man, what is good; and what does the LORD require of you but to do justice, and to love kindness, and to walk humbly with your God?
Mic 7:18 Who is a God like you, pardoning iniquity and passing over transgression for the remnant of his inheritance? He does not retain his anger forever, because he delights in steadfast love.
Mic 7:20 You will show faithfulness to Jacob and steadfast love to Abraham, as you have sworn to our fathers from the days of old.
Zep 3:17 The LORD your God is in your midst, a mighty one who will save; he will rejoice over you with gladness; he will quiet you by his love; he will exult over you with loud singing.
Zec 8:17 do not devise evil in your hearts against one another, and love no false oath, for all these things I hate, declares the LORD."
Zec 8:19 "Thus says the LORD of hosts: The fast of the fourth month and the fast of the fifth and the fast of the seventh and the fast of the tenth shall be to the house of Judah seasons of joy and gladness and cheerful feasts. Therefore love truth and peace.
Mal 1:2 "I have loved you," says the LORD. But you say, "How have you loved us?" "Is not Esau Jacob's
brother?" declares the LORD. "Yet I have loved JacobMal 1:3 but Esau I have hated. I have laid waste his hill country and left his heritage to jackals of the desert."
Mal 2:11 Judah has been faithless, and abomination has been committed in Israel and in Jerusalem. For Judah has profaned the sanctuary of the LORD, which he loves, and has married the daughter of a foreign god.
Mat 5:43 "You have heard that it was said, 'You shall love your neighbor and hate your enemy.'
Mat 5:44 But I say to you, Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you,
Mat 5:46 For if you love those who love you, what reward do you have? Do not even the tax collectors do the same?
Mat 6:5 "And when you pray, you must not be like the hypocrites. For they love to stand and pray in the synagogues and at the street corners, that they may be seen by others. Truly, I say to you, they have received their reward.
Mat 6:24 "No one can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and money.
Mat 10:37 Whoever loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me, and whoever loves son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.
Mat 19:19 Honor your father and mother, and, You shall love your neighbor as yourself."
Mat 22:37 And he said to him, "You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul andwith all your mind.
Mat 22:39 And a second is like it: You shall love your neighbor as yourself.
Mat 23:6 and they love the place of honor at feasts and the best seats in the synagogues
Mat 24:12 And because lawlessness will be increased, the love of many will grow cold.
Mar 10:21 And Jesus, looking at him, loved him, and said to him, "You lack one thing: go, sell all that you have and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven; and come, follow me."
Mar 12:30 And you shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all your strength.'
Mar 12:31 The second is this: 'You shall love your neighbor as yourself.' There is no other commandment greater than these."
Mar 12:33 And to love him with all the heart and with all the understanding and with all the strength, and to love one's neighbor as oneself, is much more than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices."
Luk 6:27 "But I say to you who hear, Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you,
Luk 6:32 "If you love those who love you, what benefit is that to you? For even sinners love those who love them.
Luk 6:35 But love your enemies, and do good, and lend, expecting nothing in return, and your reward will be great, and you will be sons of the Most High, for he is kind to the ungrateful and the evil.
Luk 7:5 for he loves our nation, and he is the one who built us our synagogue."
Luk 7:42 When they could not pay, he cancelled the debt of both. Now which of them will love him more?"
Luk 7:47 Therefore I tell you, her sins, which are many, are forgiven- for she loved much. But he who is forgiven little, loves little."
Luk 10:27 And he answered, "You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength and with all your mind, and your neighbor as yourself."
love of God. These you ought to have done, without neglecting the others.Luk 11:43 Woe to you Pharisees! For you love the best seat in the synagogues and greetings in the marketplaces.
Luk 16:13 No servant can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and money."
Luk 16:14 The Pharisees, who were lovers of money, heard all these things, and they ridiculed him.
Luk 20:46 "Beware of the scribes, who like to walk around in long robes, and love greetings in the marketplaces and the best seats in the synagogues and the places of honor at feasts,
Joh 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life.
Joh 3:19 And this is the judgment: the light has come into the world, and people loved the darkness rather than the light because their deeds were evil.
Joh 3:35 The Father loves the Son and has given all things into his hand.
Joh 5:20 For the Father loves the Son and shows him all that he himself is doing. And greater works than these will he show him, so that you may marvel.
Joh 5:42 But I know that you do not have the love of God within you.
Joh 8:42 Jesus said to them, "If God were your Father, you would love me, for I came from God and I am here. I came not of my own accord, but he sent me.
Joh 10:17 For this reason the Father loves me, because I lay down my life that I may take it up again.
Joh 11:3 So the sisters sent to him, saying, "Lord, he whom you love is ill."
Joh 11:5 Now Jesus loved Martha and her sister and Lazarus.
Joh 11:36 So the Jews said, "See how he loved him!"
Joh 12:25 Whoever loves his life loses it, and whoever hates his life in this world will keep it for eternal life.
Joh 12:43 for they loved the glory that comes from man more than the glory that comes from God.
Joh 13:1 Now before the Feast of the Passover, when Jesus knew that his hour had come to depart out of this world to the Father, having loved his own who were in the world, he loved them to the end.
Joh 13:23 One of his disciples, whom Jesus loved, was reclining at table close to Jesus,
Joh 13:34 A new commandment I give to you, that you love one another: just as I have loved you, you also are to love one another.
Joh 13:35 By this all people will know that you are my disciples, if you have love for one another."
Joh 14:15 "If you love me, you will keep my commandments.
Joh 14:21 Whoever has my commandments and keeps them, he it is who loves me. And he who loves me will be loved by my Father, and I will love him and manifest myself to him."
Joh 14:23 Jesus answered him, "If anyone loves me, he will keep my word, and my Father will love him, and we will come to him and make our home with him.
Joh 14:24 Whoever does not love me does not keep my words. And the word that you hear is not mine but the Father's who sent me.
Joh 14:28 You heard me say to you, 'I am going away, and I will come to you.' If you loved me, you would have rejoiced, because I am going to the Father, for the Father is greater than I.
Joh 14:31 but I do as the Father has commanded me, so that the world may know that I love the Father. Rise, let us go from here.
Joh 15:9 As the Father has loved me, so have I loved you. Abide in my love.
Joh 15:10 If you keep my commandments, you will abide in my love, just as I have kept my Father's commandments and abide in his love.
Joh 15:12 "This is my commandment, that you love one another as I have loved you.
Joh 15:13 Greater love has no one than this, that someone lays down his life for his friends.
your fruit should abide, so that whatever you ask the Father in my name, he may give it to you.Joh 15:17 These things I command you, so that you will love one another.
Joh 15:19 If you were of the world, the world would love you as its own; but because you are not of the world, but I chose you out of the world, therefore the world hates you.
Joh 16:27 for the Father himself loves you, because you have loved me and have believed that I came from God.
Joh 17:23 I in them and you in me, that they may become perfectly one, so that the world may know that you sent me and loved them even as you loved me.
Joh 17:24 Father, I desire that they also, whom you have given me, may be with me where I am, to see my glory that you have given me because you loved me before the foundation of the world.
Joh 17:26 I made known to them your name, and I will continue to make it known, that the love with which you have loved me may be in them, and I in them."
Joh 19:26 When Jesus saw his mother and the disciple whom he loved standing nearby, he said to his mother, "Woman, behold, your son!"
Joh 20:2 So she ran and went to Simon Peter and the other disciple, the one whom Jesus loved, and said to them, "They have taken the Lord out of the tomb, and we do not know where they have laid him."
Joh 21:7 That disciple whom Jesus loved therefore said to Peter, "It is the Lord!" When Simon Peter heard that it was the Lord, he put on his outer garment, for he was stripped for work, and threw himself into the sea.
Joh 21:15 When they had finished breakfast, Jesus said to Simon Peter, "Simon, son of John, do you love me more than these?" He said to him, "Yes, Lord; you know that I love you." He said to him, "Feed my lambs."
Joh 21:16 He said to him a second time, "Simon, son of John, do you love me?" He said to him, "Yes, Lord; you know that I love you." He said to him, "Tend my sheep."
Joh 21:17 He said to him the third time, "Simon, son of John, do you love me?" Peter was grieved because he said to him the third time, "Do you love me?" and he said to him, "Lord, you know everything; you know that I love you." Jesus said to him, "Feed my sheep.
Joh 21:20 Peter turned and saw the disciple whom Jesus loved following them, the one who had been reclining at table close to him and had said, "Lord, who is it that is going to betray you?"
Rom 1:7 To all those in Rome who are loved by God and called to be saints: Grace to you and peace from God
Rom 5:5 and hope does not put us to shame, because God's love has been poured into our hearts through theHoly Spirit who has been given to us.
even to dieRom 5:8 but God shows his love for us in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us.
Rom 8:28 And we know that for those who love God all things work together for good, for those who are called according to his purpose.
Rom 8:35 Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or danger, or sword?
Rom 8:37 No, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him who loved us.
Rom 8:39 nor height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Rom 9:13 As it is written, "Jacob I loved, but Esau I hated."
Rom 9:25 As indeed he says in Hosea, "Those who were not my people I will call 'my people,' and her who was not beloved I will call 'beloved.'"
Rom 12:9 Let love be genuine. Abhor what is evil; hold fast to what is good.
Rom 12:10 Love one another with brotherly affection. Outdo one another in showing honor.
Rom 12:19 Beloved, never avenge yourselves, but leave it to the wrath of God, for it is written, "Vengeance is mine, I will repay, says the Lord."
respect to whom respect is owed, honor to whom honor is owed.Rom 13:8 Owe no one anything, except to love each other, for the one who loves another has fulfilled the law.
Rom 13:9 The commandments, "You shall not commit adultery, You shall not murder, You shall not steal, You shall not covet," and any other commandment, are summed up in this word: "You shall love your neighbor as yourself."
Rom 13:10 Love does no wrong to a neighbor; therefore love is the fulfilling of the law.
Rom 14:15 For if your brother is grieved by what you eat, you are no longer walking in love. By what you eat, do not destroy the one for whom Christ died.
Rom 15:30 I appeal to you, brothers, by our Lord Jesus Christ and by the love of the Spirit, to strive together with me in your prayers to God on my behalf,
1Co 2:9 But, as it is written, "What no eye has seen, nor ear heard, nor the heart of man imagined, what God has prepared for those who love him"-
1Co 4:21 What do you wish? Shall I come to you with a rod, or with love in a spirit of gentleness?
1Co 8:1 Now concerning food offered to idols: we know that "all of us possess knowledge." This "knowledge" puffs up, but love builds up.
1Co 8:3 But if anyone loves God, he is known by God.
1Co 10:14 Therefore, my beloved, flee from idolatry.
1Co 13:1 If I speak in the tongues of men and of angels, but have not love, I am a noisy gong or a clanging cymbal.
1Co 13:2 And if I have prophetic powers, and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.
1Co 13:3 If I give away all I have, and if I deliver up my body to be burned, but have not love, I gain nothing.
1Co 13:4 Love is patient and kind; love does not envy or boast; it is not arrogant
1Co 13:7 Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things.
1Co 13:8 Love never ends. As for prophecies, they will pass away; as for tongues, they will cease; as for knowledge, it will pass away.
1Co 13:13 So now faith, hope, and love abide, these three; but the greatest of these is love.
1Co 14:1 Pursue love, and earnestly desire the spiritual gifts, especially that you may prophesy.
1Co 16:14 Let all that you do be done in love.
1Co 16:22 If anyone has no love for the Lord, let him be accursed. Our Lord, come!
1Co 16:24 My love be with you all in Christ Jesus. Amen.
2Co 2:5 For I wrote to you out of much affliction and anguish of heart and with many tears, not to cause you pain but to let you know the abundant love that I have for you.
2Co 2:9 So I beg you to reaffirm your love for him.
2Co 5:14 For the love of Christ controls us, because we have concluded this: that one has died for all, therefore all have died;
2Co 6:6 by purity, knowledge, patience, kindness, the Holy Spirit, genuine love,
2Co 7:1 Since we have these promises, beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from every defilement of body and spirit, bringing holiness to completion in the fear of God.
2Co 8:7 But as you excel in everything- in faith, in speech, in knowledge, in all earnestness, and in our love for you- see that you excel in this act of grace also.
2Co 8:8 I say this not as a command, but to prove by the earnestness of others that your love also is genuine.
2Co 8:24 So give proof before the churches of your love and of our boasting about you to these men.
2Co 9:7 Each one must give as he has made up his mind, not reluctantly or under compulsion, for God loves a cheerful giver.
2Co 11:11 And why? Because I do not love you? God knows I do!
2Co 12:15 I will most gladly spend and be spent for your souls. If I love you more, am I to be loved less?
2Co 12:19 Have you been thinking all along that we have been defending ourselves to you? It is in the sight of God that we have been speaking in Christ, and all for your upbuilding, beloved.
2Co 13:11 Finally, brothers, rejoice. Aim for restoration, comfort one another, agree with one another, live in peace; and the God of love and peace will be with you.
2Co 13:14 The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ and the love of God and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit be withyou all.
Gal 2:20 It is no longer I who live, but Christ who lives in me. And the life I now live in the flesh I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me.
Gal 5:6 For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision nor uncircumcision counts for anything, but only faith working through love.
Gal 5:13 For you were called to freedom, brothers. Only do not use your freedom as an opportunity for the flesh, but through love serve one another.
Gal 5:14 For the whole law is fulfilled in one word: "You shall love your neighbor as yourself."
Gal 5:22 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness,
Eph 1:4 even as he chose us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and blameless before him. In love
Eph 1:6 to the praise of his glorious grace, with which he has blessed us in the Beloved.
Eph 1:15 For this reason, because I have heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus and your love toward all the saints,
Eph 2:4 But God, being rich in mercy, because of the great love with which he loved us,
Eph 3:17 so that Christ may dwell in your hearts through faith- that you, being rooted and grounded in love,
Eph 3:19 and to know the love of Christ that surpasses knowledge, that you may be filled with all the fullness of God.
Eph 4:2 with all humility and gentleness, with patience, bearing with one another in love,
Eph 4:15 Rather, speaking the truth in love, we are to grow up in every way into him who is the head, into Christ,
Eph 4:16 from whom the whole body, joined and held together by every joint with which it is equipped, when each part is working properly, makes the body grow so that it builds itself up in love.
Eph 5:2 And walk in love, as Christ loved us and gave himself up for us, a fragrant offering and sacrifice to God.
Eph 5:25 Husbands, love your wives, as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her,
Eph 5:28 In the same way husbands should love their wives as their own bodies. He who loves his wife loves himself.
Eph 5:33 However, let each one of you love his wife as himself, and let the wife see that she respects her husband.
Eph 6:23 Peace be to the brothers, and love with faith, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Eph 6:24 Grace be with all who love our Lord Jesus Christ with love incorruptible.
Phi 1:9 And it is my prayer that your love may abound more and more, with knowledge and all discernment,
Phi 1:16 The latter do it out of love, knowing that I am put here for the defense of the gospel.
Phi 2:1 So if there is any encouragement in Christ, any comfort from love, any participation in the Spirit, any affection and sympathy,
Phi 2:2 complete my joy by being of the same mind, having the same love, being in full accord and of one mind.
Phi 2:12 Therefore, my beloved, as you have always obeyed, so now, not only as in my presence but much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling,
Phi 4:1 Therefore, my brothers, whom I love and long for, my joy and crown, stand firm thus in the Lord, my beloved.
Phi 4:8 Finally, brothers, whatever is true, whatever is honorable, whatever is just, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is commendable, if there is any excellence, if there is anything worthy of praise, think about these things.
Col 1:4 since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus and of the love that you have for all the saints,
Col 1:8 and has made known to us your love in the Spirit.
Col 2:2 that their hearts may be encouraged, being knit together in love, to reach all the riches of full assurance of understanding and the knowledge of God's mystery, which is Christ,
Col 3:12 Put on then, as God's chosen ones, holy and beloved, compassion, kindness, humility, meekness, and patience,
Col 3:14 And above all these put on love, which binds everything together in perfect harmony.
Col 3:19 Husbands, love your wives, and do not be harsh with them.
1Th 1:3 remembering before our God and Father your work of faith and labor of love and steadfastness of hope in our Lord Jesus Christ.
1Th 1:4 For we know, brothers loved by God, that he has chosen you,
1Th 3:6 But now that Timothy has come to us from you, and has brought us the good news of your faith and love and reported that you always remember us kindly and long to see us, as we long to see you-
1Th 3:12 and may the Lord make you increase and abound in love for one another and for all, as we do for you,
1Th 4:9 Now concerning brotherly love you have no need for anyone to write to you, for you yourselves have been taught by God to love one another,
1Th 5:8 But since we belong to the day, let us be sober, having put on the breastplate of faith and love, and for a helmet the hope of salvation.
1Th 5:13 and to esteem them very highly in love because of their work. Be at peace among yourselves.
2Th 1:3 We ought always to give thanks to God for you, brothers, as is right, because your faith is growing abundantly, and the love of every one of you for one another is increasing.
2Th 2:10 and with all wicked deception for those who are perishing, because they refused to love the truth and so be saved.
2Th 2:16 Now may our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God our Father, who loved us and gave us eternal comfort and good hope through grace,
2Th 3:5 May the Lord direct your hearts to the love of God and to the steadfastness of Christ.
1Ti 1:5 The aim of our charge is love that issues from a pure heart and a good conscience and a sincere faith.
1Ti 1:14 and the grace of our Lord overflowed for me with the faith and love that are in Christ Jesus.
1Ti 2:15 Yet she will be saved through childbearing- if they continue in faith and love and holiness, with selfcontrol.
1Ti 3:3 not a drunkard, not violent but gentle, not quarrelsome, not a lover of money.
1Ti 4:12 Let no one despise you for your youth, but set the believers an example in speech, in conduct, in love, in faith, in purity.
1Ti 6:2 Those who have believing masters must not be disrespectful on the ground that they are brothers; rather they must serve all the better since those who benefit by their good service are believers and beloved. Teach and urge these things.
1Ti 6:10 For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evils. It is through this craving that some have wandered away from the faith and pierced themselves with many pangs.
1Ti 6:11 But as for you, O man of God, flee these things. Pursue righteousness, godliness, faith, love, steadfastness, gentleness.
2Ti 1:7 for God gave us a spirit not of fear but of power and love and self-control.
2Ti 1:13 Follow the pattern of the sound words that you have heard from me, in the faith and love that are in Christ Jesus.
2Ti 2:22 So flee youthful passions and pursue righteousness, faith, love, and peace, along with those who call on the Lord from a pure heart.
2Ti 3:2 For people will be lovers of self, lovers of money, proud, arrogant, abusive, disobedient to their parents, ungrateful, unholy,
2Ti 3:3 heartless, unappeasable, slanderous, without self-control, brutal, not loving good,
2Ti 3:4 treacherous, reckless, swollen with conceit, lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God,
2Ti 3:10 You, however, have followed my teaching, my conduct, my aim in life, my faith, my patience, my love, my steadfastness,
2Ti 4:8 Henceforth there is laid up for me the crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, will award to me on that Day, and not only to me but also to all who have loved his appearing.
2Ti 4:10 For Demas, in love with this present world, has deserted me and gone to Thessalonica. Crescens has gone to Galatia, Titus to Dalmatia.
Tit 1:8 but hospitable, a lover of good, self-controlled, upright, holy, and disciplined.
Tit 2:2 Older men are to be sober-minded, dignified, self-controlled, sound in faith, in love, and in steadfastness.
Tit 2:4 and so train the young women to love their husbands and children,
Tit 3:4 But when the goodness and loving kindness of God our Savior appeared,
Tit 3:15 All who are with me send greetings to you. Greet those who love us in the faith. Grace be with you all.
Phm 1:5 because I hear of your love and of the faith that you have toward the Lord Jesus and all the saints,
Phm 1:7 For I have derived much joy and comfort from your love, my brother, because the hearts of the saints have been refreshed through you.
Phm 1:9 yet for love's sake I prefer to appeal to you- I, Paul, an old man and now a prisoner also for Christ
Heb 1:9 You have loved righteousness and hated wickedness; therefore God, your God, has anointed you with the oil of gladness beyond your companions."
Heb 6:9 Though we speak in this way, yet in your case, beloved, we feel sure of better things- things that belong to salvation.
Heb 6:10 For God is not so unjust as to overlook your work and the love that you showed for his sake in serving the saints, as you still do.
Heb 10:24 And let us consider how to stir up one another to love and good works,
Heb 12:6 For the Lord disciplines the one he loves, and chastises every son whom he receives."
Heb 13:1 Let brotherly love continue.
Heb 13:5 Keep your life free from love of money, and be content with what you have, for he has said, "I will never leave you nor forsake you."
Jam 1:12 Blessed is the man who remains steadfast under trial, for when he has stood the test he will receive the crown of life, which God has promised to those who love him.
Jam 2:5 Listen, my beloved brothers, has not God chosen those who are poor in the world to be rich in faith and heirs of the kingdom, which he has promised to those who love him?
Jam 2:8 If you really fulfill the royal law according to the Scripture, "You shall love your neighbor as yourself," you are doing well.
1Pe 1:8 Though you have not seen him, you love him. Though you do not now see him, you believe in him and rejoice with joy that is inexpressible and filled with glory,
1Pe 1:22 Having purified your souls by your obedience to the truth for a sincere brotherly love, love one another earnestly from a pure heart,
1Pe 2:11 Beloved, I urge you as sojourners and exiles to abstain from the passions of the flesh, which wage war against your soul.
1Pe 2:17 Honor everyone. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honor the emperor.
1Pe 3:8 Finally, all of you, have unity of mind, sympathy, brotherly love, a tender heart, and a humble mind.
1Pe 3:10 For "Whoever desires to love life and see good days, let him keep his tongue from evil and his lips from speaking deceit;
1Pe 4:8 Above all, keep loving one another earnestly, since love covers a multitude of sins.
1Pe 4:12 Beloved, do not be surprised at the fiery trial when it comes upon you to test you, as though something strange were happening to you.
1Pe 5:14 Greet one another with the kiss of love. Peace to all of you who are in Christ.
2Pe 1:7 and godliness with brotherly affection, and brotherly affection with love.
2Pe 2:15 Forsaking the right way, they have gone astray. They have followed the way of Balaam, the son of Beor, who loved gain from wrongdoing,
2Pe 3:1 This is now the second letter that I am writing to you, beloved. In both of them I am stirring up your sincere mind by way of reminder,
2Pe 3:8 But do not overlook this one fact, beloved, that with the Lord one day is as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day.
2Pe 3:14 Therefore, beloved, since you are waiting for these, be diligent to be found by him without spot or
2Pe 3:17 You therefore, beloved, knowing this beforehand, take care that you are not carried away with the error of lawless people and lose your own stability.
1Jo 2:5 but whoever keeps his word, in him truly the love of God is perfected. By this we may be sure that we are in him:
1Jo 2:7 Beloved, I am writing you no new commandment, but an old commandment that you had from the beginning. The old commandment is the word that you have heard.
1Jo 2:10 Whoever loves his brother abides in the light, and in him there is no cause for stumbling.
1Jo 2:15 Do not love the world or the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him.
1Jo 3:1 See what kind of love the Father has given to us, that we should be called children of God; and so we are. The reason why the world does not know us is that it did not know him.
1Jo 3:2 Beloved, we are God's children now, and what we will be has not yet appeared; but we know that when he appears we will be like him, because we shall see him as he is.
1Jo 3:10 By this it is evident who are the children of God, and who are the children of the devil: whoever does not practice righteousness is not of God, nor is the one who does not love his brother.
1Jo 3:11 For this is the message that you have heard from the beginning, that we should love one another.
1Jo 3:14 We know that we have passed out of death into life, because we love the brothers. Whoever does not love abides in death.
1Jo 3:16 By this we know love, that he laid down his life for us, and we ought to lay down our lives for the brothers.
1Jo 3:17 But if anyone has the world's goods and sees his brother in need, yet closes his heart against him, how does God's love abide in him?
1Jo 3:18 Little children, let us not love in word or talk but in deed and in truth.
1Jo 3:21 Beloved, if our heart does not condemn us, we have confidence before God;
1Jo 3:23 And this is his commandment, that we believe in the name of his Son Jesus Christ and love one another, just as he has commanded us.
1Jo 4:1 Beloved, do not believe every spirit, but test the spirits to see whether they are from God, for many false prophets have gone out into the world.
1Jo 4:7 Beloved, let us love one another, for love is from God, and whoever loves has been born of God and knows God.
1Jo 4:8 Anyone who does not love does not know God, because God is love.
1Jo 4:9 In this the love of God was made manifest among us, that God sent his only Son into the world, so that we might live through him.
1Jo 4:10 In this is love, not that we have loved God but that he loved us and sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins.
1Jo 4:11 Beloved, if God so loved us, we also ought to love one another.
1Jo 4:12 No one has ever seen God; if we love one another, God abides in us and his love is perfected in us.
1Jo 4:16 So we have come to know and to believe the love that God has for us. God is love, and whoever abides in love abides in God, and God abides in him.
1Jo 4:17 By this is love perfected with us, so that we may have confidence for the day of judgment, because as he is so also are we in this world.
1Jo 4:18 There is no fear in love, but perfect love casts out fear. For fear has to do with punishment, and whoever fears has not been perfected in love.
1Jo 4:19 We love because he first loved us.
1Jo 4:20 If anyone says, "I love God," and hates his brother, he is a liar; for he who does not love his brother whom he has seen cannot love God whom he has not seen.
1Jo 4:21 And this commandment we have from him: whoever loves God must also love his brother.
1Jo 5:1 Everyone who believes that Jesus is the Christ has been born of God, and everyone who loves the Father loves whomever has been born of him.
1Jo 5:2 By this we know that we love the children of God, when we love God and obey his commandments.
1Jo 5:3 For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments. And his commandments are not burdensome.
2Jo 1:1 The elder to the elect lady and her children, whom I love in truth, and not only I, but also all who know the truth,
2Jo 1:3 Grace, mercy, and peace will be with us, from God the Father and from Jesus Christ the Father's Son, in truth and love.
2Jo 1:5 And now I ask you, dear lady- not as though I were writing you a new commandment, but the one we have had from the beginning- that we love one another..
2Jo 1:6 And this is love, that we walk according to his commandments; this is the commandment, just as you have heard from the beginning, so that you should walk in it.
3Jo 1:1 The elder to the beloved Gaius, whom I love in truth.
3Jo 1:2 Beloved, I pray that all may go well with you and that you may be in good health, as it goes well with your soul.
3Jo 1:5 Beloved, it is a faithful thing you do in all your efforts for these brothers, strangers as they are,
3Jo 1:6 who testified to your love before the church. You will do well to send them on their journey in a manner worthy of God.
3Jo 1:11 Beloved, do not imitate evil but imitate good. Whoever does good is from God; whoever does evil has not seen God.
Jud 1:2 May mercy, peace, and love be multiplied to you.
Jud 1:3 Beloved, although I was very eager to write to you about our common salvation, I found it necessary to write appealing to you to contend for the faith that was once for all delivered to the saints.
Jud 1:12 These are blemishes on your love feasts, as they feast with you without fear, looking after themselves; waterless clouds, swept along by winds; fruitless trees in late autumn, twice dead, uprooted;
Jud 1:17 But you must remember, beloved, the predictions of the apostles of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Jud 1:20 But you, beloved, build yourselves up in your most holy faith; pray in the Holy Spirit;
Jud 1:21 keep yourselves in the love of God, waiting for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ that leads to eternal life.
Rev 1:5 and from Jesus Christ the faithful witness, the firstborn of the dead, and the ruler of kings on earth. To him who loves us and has freed us from our sins by his blood
Rev 2:4 But I have this against you, that you have abandoned the love you had at first.
Rev 2:19 "'I know your works, your love and faith and service and patient endurance, and that your latter works exceed the first.
Rev 3:9 Behold, I will make those of the synagogue of Satan who say that they are Jews and are not, but liebehold, I will make them come and bow down before your feet and they will learn that I have loved you.
Rev 3:19 Those whom I love, I reprove and discipline, so be zealous and repent.
Rev 12:11 And they have conquered him by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their testimony, for they loved not their lives even unto death.
Rev 22:15 Outside are the dogs and sorcerers and the sexually immoral and murderers and idolaters, and everyone who loves and practices falsehood.