Gen 25:21 And Isaac prayed to the LORD for his wife, because she was barren. And the LORD granted his prayer, and Rebekah his wife conceived.
2Sa 7:27 For you, O LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, have made this revelation to your servant, saying, 'I will build you a house.' Therefore your servant has found courage to pray this prayer to you.
1Ki 8:28 Yet have regard to the prayer of your servant and to his plea, O LORD my God, listening to the cry and to the prayer that your servant prays before you this day,
1Ki 8:29 that your eyes may be open night and day toward this house, the place of which you have said, 'My name shall be there,' that you may listen to the prayer that your servant offers toward this place.
1Ki 8:38 whatever prayer, whatever plea is made by any man or by all your people Israel, each knowing the affliction of his own heart and stretching out his hands toward this house,
1Ki 8:45 then hear in heaven their prayer and their plea, and maintain their cause.
1Ki 8:49 then hear in heaven your dwelling place their prayer and their plea, and maintain their cause
1Ki 8:54 Now as Solomon finished offering all this prayer and plea to the LORD, he arose from before the altar
1Ki 9:3 And the LORD said to him, "I have heard your prayer and your plea, which you have made before me. I have consecrated this house that you have built, by putting my name there forever. My eyes and my heart will be there for all time.
2Ki 6:18 And when the Syrians came down against him, Elisha prayed to the LORD and said, "Please strike this people with blindness." So he struck them with blindness in accordance with the prayer of Elisha.
2Ki 19:4 It may be that the LORD your God heard all the words of the Rabshakeh, whom his master the king of Assyria has sent to mock the living God, and will rebuke the words that the LORD your God has heard; therefore lift up your prayer for the remnant that is left."
2Ki 19:20 Then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent to Hezekiah, saying, "Thus says the LORD, the God of Israel: Your prayer to me about Sennacherib king of Assyria I have heard.
2Ki 20:5 "Turn back, and say to Hezekiah the leader of my people, Thus says the LORD, the God of David your father: I have heard your prayer; I have seen your tears. Behold, I will heal you. On the third day you shall go up to the house of the LORD,
2Ch 6:19 Yet have regard to the prayer of your servant and to his plea, O LORD my God, listening to the cry and to the prayer that your servant prays before you,
2Ch 6:20 that your eyes may be open day and night toward this house, the place where you have promised to set your name, that you may listen to the prayer that your servant offers toward this place.
2Ch 6:29 whatever prayer, whatever plea is made by any man or by all your people Israel, each knowing his own affliction and his own sorrow and stretching out his hands toward this house,
2Ch 6:35 then hear from heaven their prayer and their plea, and maintain their cause.
2Ch 6:39 then hear from heaven your dwelling place their prayer and their pleas, and maintain their cause and forgive your people who have sinned against you.
2Ch 6:40 Now, O my God, let your eyes be open and your ears attentive to the prayer of this place.
2Ch 7:1 As soon as Solomon finished his prayer, fire came down from heaven and consumed the burnt offering and the sacrifices, and the glory of the LORD filled the temple.
2Ch 7:12 Then the LORD appeared to Solomon in the night and said to him: "I have heard your prayer and have chosen this place for myself as a house of sacrifice.
2Ch 7:15 Now my eyes will be open and my ears attentive to the prayer that is made in this place.
2Ch 30:27 Then the priests and the Levites arose and blessed the people, and their voice was heard, and their prayer came to his holy habitation in heaven.
2Ch 33:18 Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and his prayer to his God, and the words of the seers who spoke to him in the name of the LORD, the God of Israel, behold, they are in the Chronicles of the Kings of Israel.
2Ch 33:19 And his prayer, and how God was moved by his entreaty, and all his sin and his faithlessness, and the sites on which he built high places and set up the Asherim and the images, before he humbled himself,behold, they are written in the Chronicles of the Seers.
Neh 1:6 let your ear be attentive and your eyes open, to hear the prayer of your servant that I now pray before you day and night for the people of Israel your servants, confessing the sins of the people of Israel, which we have sinned against you. Even I and my father's house have sinned.
Neh 1:11 O Lord, let your ear be attentive to the prayer of your servant, and to the prayer of your servants whodelight to fear your name, and give success to your servant today, and grant him mercy in the sight of this man." Now I was cupbearer to the king.
Job 16:17 although there is no violence in my hands, and my prayer is pure.
Job 22:27 You will make your prayer to him, and he will hear you, and you will pay your vows.
Job 42:8 Now therefore take seven bulls and seven rams and go to my servant Job and offer up a burnt offering for yourselves. And my servant Job shall pray for you, for I will accept his prayer not to deal with you according to your folly. For you have not spoken of me what is right, as my servant Job has."
Job 42:9 So Eliphaz the Temanite and Bildad the Shuhite and Zophar the Naamathite went and did what the LORD had told them, and the LORD accepted Job's prayer.
Psa 4:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: WITH STRINGED INSTRUMENTS. A PSALM OF DAVID. Answer me when I call, O God of my righteousness! You have given me relief when I was in distress. Be gracious to me and hear my prayer!
Psa 6:9 The LORD has heard my plea; the LORD accepts my prayer.
Psa 17:1 A PRAYER OF DAVID.Hear a just cause, O LORD; attend to my cry! Give ear to my prayer from lips free of deceit!
Psa 32:6 Therefore let everyone who is godly offer prayer to you at a time when you may be found; surely in the rush of great waters, they shall not reach him.
Psa 39:12 "Hear my prayer, O LORD, and give ear to my cry; hold not your peace at my tears! For I am a sojourner with you, a guest, like all my fathers.
Psa 42:8 By day the LORD commands his steadfast love, and at night his song is with me, a prayer to the God of my life.
Psa 54:2 O God, hear my prayer; give ear to the words of my mouth.
Psa 55:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: WITH STRINGED INSTRUMENTS. A MASKIL OF DAVID. Give ear to my prayer, O God, and hide not yourself from my plea for mercy!
Psa 61:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: WITH STRINGED INSTRUMENTS. OF DAVID. Hear my cry, O God, listen to my prayer;
Psa 65:2 O you who hears prayer, to you shall all flesh come.
Psa 66:19 But truly God has listened; he has attended to the voice of my prayer.
Psa 66:20 Blessed be God, because he has not rejected my prayer or removed his steadfast love from me!
Psa 69:13 But as for me, my prayer is to you, O LORD. At an acceptable time, O God, in the abundance of your steadfast love answer me in your saving faithfulness.
Psa 72:15 Long may he live; may gold of Sheba be given to him! May prayer be made for him continually, and blessings invoked for him all the day!
Psa 72:20 The prayers of David, the son of Jesse, are ended. BOOK THREE
Psa 80:4 O LORD God of hosts, how long will you be angry with your people's prayers?
Psa 84:8 O LORD God of hosts, hear my prayer; give ear, O God of Jacob! Selah
Psa 86:1 A PRAYER OF DAVID. Incline your ear, O LORD, and answer me, for I am poor and needy.
Psa 86:6 Give ear, O LORD, to my prayer; listen to my plea for grace.
Psa 88:2 Let my prayer come before you; incline your ear to my cry!
Psa 88:13 But I, O LORD, cry to you; in the morning my prayer comes before you.
Psa 90:1 A PRAYER OF MOSES, THE MAN OF GOD. Lord, you have been our dwelling place in all generations.
Psa 102:1 A PRAYER OF ONE AFFLICTED, WHEN HE IS FAINT AND POURS OUT HIS COMPLAINT BEFORE THE LORD. Hear my prayer, O LORD; let my cry come to you!
Psa 102:17 he regards the prayer of the destitute and does not despise their prayer.
Psa 109:4 In return for my love they accuse me, but I give myself to prayer.
Psa 109:7 When he is tried, let him come forth guilty; let his prayer be counted as sin!
Psa 141:2 Let my prayer be counted as incense before you, and the lifting up of my hands as the evening sacrifice!
Psa 141:5 Let a righteous man strike me- it is a kindness; let him rebuke me- it is oil for my head; let my head not refuse it. Yet my prayer is continually against their evil deeds.
Psa 142:1 A MASKIL OF DAVID, WHEN HE WAS IN THE CAVE. A PRAYER. With my voice I cry out to the LORD; with my voice I plead for mercy to the LORD.
Psa 143:1 A PSALM OF DAVID.Hear my prayer, O LORD; give ear to my pleas for mercy! In your faithfulness answer me, in your righteousness!
Pro 15:8 The sacrifice of the wicked is an abomination to the LORD, but the prayer of the upright is acceptable to him.
Pro 15:29 The LORD is far from the wicked, but he hears the prayer of the righteous.
Pro 28:9 If one turns away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer is an abomination.
Isa 1:15 When you spread out your hands, I will hide my eyes from you; even though you make many prayers, I will not listen; your hands are full of blood.
Isa 26:16 O LORD, in distress they sought you; they poured out a whispered prayer when your discipline was
Isa 37:4 It may be that the LORD your God will hear the words of the Rabshakeh, whom his master the king of Assyria has sent to mock the living God, and will rebuke the words that the LORD your God has heard; therefore lift up your prayer for the remnant that is left.'"
Isa 38:5 "Go and say to Hezekiah, Thus says the LORD, the God of David your father: I have heard your prayer; I have seen your tears. Behold, I will add fifteen years to your life.
covenantIsa 56:7 these I will bring to my holy mountain, and make them joyful in my house of prayer; their burnt offerings and their sacrifices will be accepted on my altar; for my house shall be called a house of prayer for all peoples."
Jer 7:16 "As for you, do not pray for this people, or lift up a cry or prayer for them, and do not intercede with me, for I will not hear you.
Jer 11:14 "Therefore do not pray for this people, or lift up a cry or prayer on their behalf, for I will not listen when they call to me in the time of their trouble.
Lam 3:8 though I call and cry for help, he shuts out my prayer;
Lam 3:44 you have wrapped yourself with a cloud so that no prayer can pass through.
Dan 9:3 Then I turned my face to the Lord God, seeking him by prayer and pleas for mercy with fasting and sackcloth and ashes.
Dan 9:17 Now therefore, O our God, listen to the prayer of your servant and to his pleas for mercy, and for your own sake, O Lord, make your face to shine upon your sanctuary, which is desolate.
Dan 9:21 while I was speaking in prayer, the man Gabriel, whom I had seen in the vision at the first, came to me in swift flight at the time of the evening sacrifice.
Jon 2:7 When my life was fainting away, I remembered the LORD, and my prayer came to you, into your holy temple.
Hab 3:1 A prayer of Habakkuk the prophet, according to Shigionoth.
Mat 21:13 He said to them, "It is written, 'My house shall be called a house of prayer,' but you make it a den of robbers."
Mat 21:22 And whatever you ask in prayer, you will receive, if you have faith."
Mar 9:29 And he said to them, "This kind cannot be driven out by anything but prayer."
Mar 11:17 And he was teaching them and saying to them, "Is it not written, 'My house shall be called a house of prayer for all the nations'? But you have made it a den of robbers."
Mar 11:24 Therefore I tell you, whatever you ask in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours.
Mar 12:40 who devour widows' houses and for a pretense make long prayers. They will receive the greater condemnation."
Luk 1:13 But the angel said to him, "Do not be afraid, Zechariah, for your prayer has been heard, and your wife Elizabeth will bear you a son, and you shall call his name John.
Luk 2:37 and then as a widow until she was eighty-four. She did not depart from the temple, worshiping with fasting and prayer night and day.
Luk 5:33 And they said to him, "The disciples of John fast often and offer prayers, and so do the disciples of the Pharisees, but yours eat and drink."
Luk 6:12 In these days he went out to the mountain to pray, and all night he continued in prayer to God.
Luk 19:46 saying to them, "It is written, 'My house shall be a house of prayer,' but you have made it a den of robbers."
Luk 20:47 who devour widows' houses and for a pretense make long prayers. They will receive the greater condemnation."
Luk 22:45 And when he rose from prayer, he came to the disciples and found them sleeping for sorrow,
Act 1:14 All these with one accord were devoting themselves to prayer, together with the women and Mary the mother of Jesus, and his brothers.
Act 2:42 And they devoted themselves to the apostles' teaching and fellowship, to the breaking of bread and the prayers.
Act 3:1 Now Peter and John were going up to the temple at the hour of prayer, the ninth hour.
whom we will appoint to this duty.Act 6:4 But we will devote ourselves to prayer and to the ministry of the word."
Act 10:4 And he stared at him in terror and said, "What is it, Lord?" And he said to him, "Your prayers and your alms have ascended as a memorial before God.
Act 10:31 and said, 'Cornelius, your prayer has been heard and your alms have been remembered before God.
Act 12:5 So Peter was kept in prison, but earnest prayer for him was made to God by the church.
Act 14:23 And when they had appointed elders for them in every church, with prayer and fasting they committed them to the Lord in whom they had believed.
place of prayer, and we sat down and spoke to the women who had come together.Act 16:14 One who heard us was a woman named Lydia, from the city of Thyatira, a seller of purple goods, who was a worshiper of God. The Lord opened her heart to pay attention to what was said by Paul.
Act 16:16 As we were going to the place of prayer, we were met by a slave girl who had a spirit of divination and brought her owners much gain by fortune-telling.
Rom 1:10 always in my prayers, asking that somehow by God's will I may now at last succeed in coming to you.
Rom 10:1 Brothers, my heart's desire and prayer to God for them is that they may be saved.
Rom 12:12 Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer.
Rom 15:30 I appeal to you, brothers, by our Lord Jesus Christ and by the love of the Spirit, to strive together with me in your prayers to God on my behalf,
1Co 7:5 Do not deprive one another, except perhaps by agreement for a limited time, that you may devote yourselves to prayer; but then come together again, so that Satan may not tempt you because of your lack of self-control.
will deliver us again.2Co 1:11 You also must help us by prayer, so that many will give thanks on our behalf for the blessing granted us through the prayers of many.
Eph 1:16 I do not cease to give thanks for you, remembering you in my prayers,
Eph 6:18 praying at all times in the Spirit, with all prayer and supplication. To that end keep alert with all perseverance, making supplication for all the saints,
Phi 1:4 always in every prayer of mine for you all making my prayer with joy,
Phi 1:9 And it is my prayer that your love may abound more and more, with knowledge and all discernment,
Phi 1:19 for I know that through your prayers and the help of the Spirit of Jesus Christ this will turn out for my
Phi 4:6 do not be anxious about anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God.
Col 4:2 Continue steadfastly in prayer, being watchful in it with thanksgiving.
Col 4:12 Epaphras, who is one of you, a servant of Christ Jesus, greets you, always struggling on your behalf in his prayers, that you may stand mature and fully assured in all the will of God.
1Th 1:2 We give thanks to God always for all of you, constantly mentioning you in our prayers,
1Ti 2:1 First of all, then, I urge that supplications, prayers, intercessions, and thanksgivings be made for all people,
1Ti 4:5 for it is made holy by the word of God and prayer.
1Ti 5:5 She who is truly a widow, left all alone, has set her hope on God and continues in supplications and prayers night and day,
2Ti 1:3 I thank God whom I serve, as did my ancestors, with a clear conscience, as I remember you constantly in my prayers night and day.
Phm 1:4 I thank my God always when I remember you in my prayers,
Phm 1:22 At the same time, prepare a guest room for me, for I am hoping that through your prayers I will be graciously given to you.
Heb 5:7 In the days of his flesh, Jesus offered up prayers and supplications, with loud cries and tears, to him who was able to save him from death, and he was heard because of his reverence.
Jam 5:15 And the prayer of faith will save the one who is sick, and the Lord will raise him up. And if he has committed sins, he will be forgiven.
Jam 5:16 Therefore, confess your sins to one another and pray for one another, that you may be healed. The prayer of a righteous person has great power as it is working.
1Pe 3:7 Likewise, husbands, live with your wives in an understanding way, showing honor to the woman as the weaker vessel, since they are heirs with you of the grace of life, so that your prayers may not be hindered.
1Pe 3:12 For the eyes of the Lord are on the righteous, and his ears are open to their prayer. But the face of the
1Pe 4:7 The end of all things is at hand; therefore be self-controlled and sober-minded for the sake of your prayers.
Rev 5:8 And when he had taken the scroll, the four living creatures and the twenty-four elders fell down before the Lamb, each holding a harp, and golden bowls full of incense, which are the prayers of the saints.
Rev 8:3 And another angel came and stood at the altar with a golden censer, and he was given much incense to offer with the prayers of all the saints on the golden altar before the throne,
Rev 8:4 and the smoke of the incense, with the prayers of the saints, rose before God from the hand of the angel.