Gen 49:18 I wait for your salvation, O LORD.
Exo 14:13 And Moses said to the people, "Fear not, stand firm, and see the salvation of the LORD, which he will work for you today. For the Egyptians whom you see today, you shall never see again.
Exo 15:2 The LORD is my strength and my song, and he has become my salvation; this is my God, and I will praise him, my father's God, and I will exalt him.
Deu 32:15 "But Jeshurun grew fat, and kicked; you grew fat, stout, and sleek; then he forsook God who made him and scoffed at the Rock of his salvation.
Jdg 15:18 And he was very thirsty, and he called upon the LORD and said, "You have granted this great salvation by the hand of your servant, and shall I now die of thirst and fall into the hands of the uncircumcised?"
1Sa 2:1 And Hannah prayed and said, "My heart exults in the LORD; my strength is exalted in the LORD. My mouth derides my enemies, because I rejoice in your salvation.
1Sa 11:13 But Saul said, "Not a man shall be put to death this day, for today the LORD has worked salvation in Israel."
1Sa 14:45 Then the people said to Saul, "Shall Jonathan die, who has worked this great salvation in Israel? Farfrom it! As the LORD lives, there shall not one hair of his head fall to the ground, for he has worked with God this day." So the people ransomed Jonathan, so that he did not die.
1Sa 19:5 For he took his life in his hand and he struck down the Philistine, and the LORD worked a great salvation for all Israel. You saw it, and rejoiced. Why then will you sin against innocent blood by killing David
2Sa 22:3 my God, my rock, in whom I take refuge, my shield, and the horn of my salvation, my stronghold and my refuge, my savior; you save me from violence.
2Sa 22:36 You have given me the shield of your salvation, and your gentleness made me great.
2Sa 22:47 "The LORD lives, and blessed be my rock, and exalted be my God, the rock of my salvation,
2Sa 22:51 Great salvation he brings to his king, and shows steadfast love to his anointed, to David and his offspring forever."
1Ch 16:23 Sing to the LORD, all the earth! Tell of his salvation from day to day.
1Ch 16:35 Say also: "Save us, O God of our salvation, and gather and deliver us from among the nations, that we may give thanks to your holy name, and glory in your praise.
2Ch 6:41 "And now arise, O LORD God, and go to your resting place, you and the ark of your might. Let your priests, O LORD God, be clothed with salvation, and let your saints rejoice in your goodness.
2Ch 20:17 You will not need to fight in this battle. Stand firm, hold your position, and see the salvation of the LORD on your behalf, O Judah and Jerusalem.' Do not be afraid and do not be dismayed. Tomorrow go out against them, and the LORD will be with you."
Job 13:16 This will be my salvation, that the godless shall not come before him.
Psa 3:2 many are saying of my soul, there is no salvation for him in God. Selah
Psa 3:8 Salvation belongs to the LORD; your blessing be on your people! Selah
Psa 9:14 that I may recount all your praises, that in the gates of the daughter of Zion I may rejoice in your salvation.
Psa 13:5 But I have trusted in your steadfast love; my heart shall rejoice in your salvation.
Psa 14:7 Oh, that salvation for Israel would come out of Zion! When the LORD restores the fortunes of his people, let Jacob rejoice, let Israel be glad.
Psa 18:2 The LORD is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer, my God, my rock, in whom I take refuge, my shield, and the horn of my salvation, my stronghold.
Psa 18:35 You have given me the shield of your salvation, and your right hand supported me, and your gentleness made me great.
Psa 18:46 The LORD lives, and blessed be my rock, and exalted be the God of my salvationPsa 18:47 the God who gave me vengeance and subdued peoples under me,
Psa 18:50 Great salvation he brings to his king, and shows steadfast love to his anointed, to David and his offspring forever.
Psa 20:5 May we shout for joy over your salvation, and in the name of our God set up our banners! May the LORD fulfill all your petitions!
Psa 21:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER. A PSALM OF DAVID. O LORD, in your strength the king rejoices, and in your salvation how greatly he exults!
Psa 21:5 His glory is great through your salvation; splendor and majesty you bestow on him.
Psa 24:5 He will receive blessing from the LORD and righteousness from the God of his salvation.
Psa 25:5 Lead me in your truth and teach me, for you are the God of my salvation; for you I wait all the day long.
Psa 27:1 OF DAVID.The LORD is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? The LORD is the stronghold of my life; of whom shall I be afraid?
Psa 27:9 Hide not your face from me. Turn not your servant away in anger, O you who have been my help. Cast me not off; forsake me not, O God of my salvation!
Psa 33:17 The war horse is a false hope for salvation, and by its great might it cannot rescue.
Psa 35:3 Draw the spear and javelin against my pursuers! Say to my soul, "I am your salvation!"
Psa 35:9 Then my soul will rejoice in the LORD, exulting in his salvation.
Psa 37:39 The salvation of the righteous is from the LORD; he is their stronghold in the time of trouble.
Psa 38:22 Make haste to help me, O Lord, my salvation!
Psa 40:10 I have not hidden your deliverance within my heart; I have spoken of your faithfulness and your salvation; I have not concealed your steadfast love and your faithfulness from the great congregation.
Psa 40:16 But may all who seek you rejoice and be glad in you; may those who love your salvation say continually, "Great is the LORD!"
Psa 42:5 Why are you cast down, O my soul, and why are you in turmoil within me? Hope in God; for I shall again praise him, my salvation
Psa 42:11 Why are you cast down, O my soul, and why are you in turmoil within me? Hope in God; for I shall again praise him, my salvation and my God.
Psa 43:5 Why are you cast down, O my soul, and why are you in turmoil within me? Hope in God; for I shall again praise him, my salvation and my God.
Psa 44:4 You are my King, O God; ordain salvation for Jacob!
Psa 50:23 The one who offers thanksgiving as his sacrifice glorifies me; to one who orders his way rightly I will show the salvation of God!"
Psa 51:12 Restore to me the joy of your salvation, and uphold me with a willing spirit.
Psa 51:14 Deliver me from bloodguiltiness, O God, O God of my salvation, and my tongue will sing aloud of your righteousness.
Psa 53:6 Oh, that salvation for Israel would come out of Zion! When God restores the fortunes of his people, Let Jacob rejoice, let Israel be glad.
Psa 60:5 That your beloved ones may be delivered, give salvation by your right hand and answer us!
Psa 60:11 Oh, grant us help against the foe, for vain is the salvation of man!
Psa 62:1 TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO JEDUTHUN. A PSALM OF DAVID. For God alone my soul waits in silence; from him comes my salvation.
Psa 62:2 He only is my rock and my salvation, my fortress; I shall not be greatly shaken.
Psa 62:6 He only is my rock and my salvation, my fortress; I shall not be shaken.
Psa 62:7 On God rests my salvation and my glory; my mighty rock, my refuge is God.
Psa 65:5 By awesome deeds you answer us with righteousness, O God of our salvation, the hope of all the ends of the earth and of the farthest seas;
Psa 68:19 Blessed be the Lord, who daily bears us up; God is our salvation. Selah
Psa 68:20 Our God is a God of salvation, and to GOD, the Lord, belong deliverances from death.
Psa 69:29 But I am afflicted and in pain; let your salvation, O God, set me on high!
Psa 70:3 Let them turn back because of their shame who say, "Aha, Aha!"Psa 70:4 May all who seek you rejoice and be glad in you! May those who love your salvation say evermore, "God is great!"
Psa 71:15 My mouth will tell of your righteous acts, of your deeds of salvation all the day, for their number is past my knowledge.
Psa 74:12 Yet God my King is from of old, working salvation in the midst of the earth.
Psa 79:9 Help us, O God of our salvation, for the glory of your name; deliver us, and atone for our sins, for your name's sake!
Psa 85:4 Restore us again, O God of our salvation, and put away your indignation toward us!
Psa 85:7 Show us your steadfast love, O LORD, and grant us your salvation.
Psa 85:9 Surely his salvation is near to those who fear him, that glory may dwell in our land.
Psa 88:1 A SONG. A PSALM OF THE SONS OF KORAH. TO THE CHOIRMASTER: ACCORDING TO MAHALATH LEANNOTH. A MASKIL OF HEMAN THE EZRAHITE. O LORD, God of my salvation; I cry out day and night before you.
Psa 89:26 He shall cry to me, 'You are my Father, my God, and the Rock of my salvation.'
Psa 91:16 With long life I will satisfy him and show him my salvation."
Psa 95:1 Oh come, let us sing to the LORD; let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation!
Psa 96:2 Sing to the LORD, bless his name; tell of his salvation from day to day.
Psa 98:1 A PSALM.Oh sing to the LORD a new song, for he has done marvelous things! His right hand and his holy arm have worked salvation for him.
Psa 98:2 The LORD has made known his salvation; he has revealed his righteousness in the sight of the nations.
Psa 98:3 He has remembered his steadfast love and faithfulness to the house of Israel. All the ends of the earth have seen the salvation of our God.
Psa 108:6 That your beloved ones may be delivered, give salvation by your right hand and answer me!
Psa 108:12 Oh grant us help against the foe, for vain is the salvation of man!
Psa 116:13 I will lift up the cup of salvation and call on the name of the LORD,
Psa 118:14 The LORD is my strength and my song; he has become my salvation.
Psa 118:15 Glad songs of salvation are in the tents of the righteous: "The right hand of the LORD does valiantly,
Psa 118:21 I thank you that you have answered me and have become my salvation.
Psa 119:41 Let your steadfast love come to me, O LORD, your salvation according to your promise;
Psa 119:81 My soul longs for your salvation; I hope in your word.
Psa 119:123 My eyes long for your salvation and for the fulfillment of your righteous promise.
Psa 119:155 Salvation is far from the wicked, for they do not seek your statutes.
Psa 119:166 I hope for your salvation, O LORD, and I do your commandments.
Psa 119:174 I long for your salvation, O LORD, and your law is my delight.
Psa 132:16 Her priests I will clothe with salvation, and her saints will shout for joy.
Psa 140:7 O LORD, my Lord, the strength of my salvation, you have covered my head in the day of battle.
Psa 146:3 Put not your trust in princes, in a son of man, in whom there is no salvation.
Psa 149:4 For the LORD takes pleasure in his people; he adorns the humble with salvation.
Isa 12:2 "Behold, God is my salvation; I will trust, and will not be afraid; for the LORD GOD is my strength and my song, and he has become my salvation."
Isa 12:3 With joy you will draw water from the wells of salvation.
Isa 17:10 For you have forgotten the God of your salvation and have not remembered the Rock of your refuge; therefore, though you plant pleasant plants and sow the vine-branch of a stranger,
Isa 25:9 It will be said on that day, "Behold, this is our God; we have waited for him, that he might save us. This is the LORD; we have waited for him; let us be glad and rejoice in his salvation."
Isa 26:1 In that day this song will be sung in the land of Judah: "We have a strong city; he sets up salvation as walls and bulwarks.
Isa 33:2 O LORD, be gracious to us; we wait for you. Be our arm every morning, our salvation in the time of trouble.
Isa 33:6 and he will be the stability of your times, abundance of salvation, wisdom, and knowledge; the fear of the LORD is Zion's treasure.
these things.Isa 45:8 "Shower, O heavens, from above, and let the clouds rain down righteousness; let the earth open, that salvation and righteousness may bear fruit; let the earth cause them both to sprout; I the LORD have created it.
Isa 45:17 But Israel is saved by the LORD with everlasting salvation; you shall not be put to shame or confounded to all eternity.
Isa 46:13 I bring near my righteousness; it is not far off, and my salvation will not delay; I will put salvation in Zion, for Israel my glory."
become my strengthIsa 49:6 he says: "It is too light a thing that you should be my servant to raise up the tribes of Jacob and to bring back the preserved of Israel; I will make you as a light for the nations, that my salvation may reach to the end of the earth."
Isa 49:8 Thus says the LORD: "In a time of favor I have answered you; in a day of salvation I have helped you; I will keep you and give you as a covenant to the people, to establish the land, to apportion the desolate heritages,
Isa 51:5 My righteousness draws near, my salvation has gone out, and my arms will judge the peoples; the coastlands hope for me, and for my arm they wait.
Isa 51:6 Lift up your eyes to the heavens, and look at the earth beneath; for the heavens vanish like smoke, the earth will wear out like a garment, and they who dwell in it will die in like manner; but my salvation will be forever, and my righteousness will never be dismayed.
Isa 51:8 For the moth will eat them up like a garment, and the worm will eat them like wool; but my righteousness will be forever, and my salvation to all generations."
Isa 52:7 How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him who brings good news, who publishes peace, who brings good news of happiness, who publishes salvation, who says to Zion, "Your God reigns."
Isa 52:10 The LORD has bared his holy arm before the eyes of all the nations, and all the ends of the earth shall see the salvation of our God.
Isa 56:1 Thus says the LORD:"Keep justice, and do righteousness, for soon my salvation will come, and my deliverance be revealed.
Isa 59:11 We all growl like bears; we moan and moan like doves; we hope for justice, but there is none; for salvation, but it is far from us.
Isa 59:16 He saw that there was no man, and wondered that there was no one to intercede; then his own arm brought him salvation, and his righteousness upheld him.
Isa 59:17 He put on righteousness as a breastplate, and a helmet of salvation on his head; he put on garmentsof vengeance for clothing, and wrapped himself in zeal as a cloak.
Isa 60:18 Violence shall no more be heard in your land, devastation or destruction within your borders; you shall call your walls Salvation, and your gates Praise.
Isa 61:10 I will greatly rejoice in the LORD; my soul shall exult in my God, for he has clothed me with the garments of salvation; he has covered me with the robe of righteousness, as a bridegroom decks himself like a priest with a beautiful headdress, and as a bride adorns herself with her jewels.
Isa 62:1 For Zion's sake I will not keep silent, and for Jerusalem's sake I will not be quiet, until her righteousness goes forth as brightness, and her salvation as a burning torch.
Isa 62:11 Behold, the LORD has proclaimed to the end of the earth: Say to the daughter of Zion, "Behold, your salvation comes; behold, his reward is with him, and his recompense before him."
Isa 63:5 I looked, but there was no one to help; I was appalled, but there was no one to uphold; so my own arm brought me salvation, and my wrath upheld me.
Jer 3:23 Truly the hills are a delusion, the orgies on the mountains. Truly in the LORD our God is the salvation of Israel.
Lam 3:26 It is good that one should wait quietly for the salvation of the LORD.
Jon 2:9 But I with the voice of thanksgiving will sacrifice to you; what I have vowed I will pay. Salvation belongs to the LORD!"
Mic 7:7 But as for me, I will look to the LORD; I will wait for the God of my salvation; my God will hear me.
Hab 3:8 Was your wrath against the rivers, O LORD? Was your anger against the rivers, or your indignation against the sea, when you rode on your horses, on your chariot of salvation?
Hab 3:13 You went out for the salvation of your people, for the salvation of your anointed. You crushed the head of the house of the wicked, laying him bare from thigh to neck. Selah
Hab 3:18 yet I will rejoice in the LORD; I will take joy in the God of my salvation.
Zec 9:9 Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion! Shout aloud, O daughter of Jerusalem! behold, your king is coming to you; righteous and having salvation is he, humble and mounted on a donkey, on a colt, the foal of a donkey.
Zec 12:7 "And the LORD will give salvation to the tents of Judah first, that the glory of the house of David and the glory of the inhabitants of Jerusalem may not surpass that of Judah.
Luk 1:69 and has raised up a horn of salvation for us in the house of his servant David,
Luk 1:77 to give knowledge of salvation to his people in the forgiveness of their sins,
Luk 2:30 for my eyes have seen your salvation
Luk 3:6 and all flesh shall see the salvation of God."
Luk 19:9 And Jesus said to him, "Today salvation has come to this house, since he also is a son of Abraham.
Joh 4:22 You worship what you do not know; we worship what we know, for salvation is from the Jews.
Act 4:12 And there is salvation in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given among men by which we must be saved."
down the Egyptian.Act 7:25 He supposed that his brothers would understand that God was giving them salvation by his hand, but they did not understand.
Act 13:26 "Brothers, sons of the family of Abraham, and those among you who fear God, to us has been sent the message of this salvation.
Act 13:47 For so the Lord has commanded us, saying, "' I have made you a light for the Gentiles, that you may bring salvation to the ends of the earth.'"
Act 16:17 She followed Paul and us, crying out, "These men are servants of the Most High God, who proclaim to you the way of salvation."
Act 28:28 Therefore let it be known to you that this salvation of God has been sent to the Gentiles; they will listen."
Rom 1:16 For I am not ashamed of the gospel, for it is the power of God for salvation to everyone who believes, to the Jew first and also to the Greek.
Rom 11:11 So I ask, did they stumble in order that they might fall? By no means! Rather through their trespass salvation has come to the Gentiles, so as to make Israel jealous.
Rom 13:11 Besides this you know the time, that the hour has come for you to wake from sleep. For salvation is nearer to us now than when we first believed.
2Co 1:6 If we are afflicted, it is for your comfort and salvation; and if we are comforted, it is for your comfort, which you experience when you patiently endure the same sufferings that we suffer.
2Co 6:2 For he says, "In a favorable time I listened to you, and in a day of salvation I have helped you." Behold, now is the favorable time; behold, now is the day of salvation.
2Co 7:10 For godly grief produces a repentance that leads to salvation without regret, whereas worldly grief produces death.
Eph 1:13 In him you also, when you heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation, and believed in him, were sealed with the promised Holy Spirit,
Eph 6:17 and take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God,
Phi 1:28 and not frightened in anything by your opponents. This is a clear sign to them of their destruction, but of your salvation, and that from God.
Phi 2:12 Therefore, my beloved, as you have always obeyed, so now, not only as in my presence but much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling,
1Th 5:8 But since we belong to the day, let us be sober, having put on the breastplate of faith and love, and for a helmet the hope of salvation.
1Th 5:9 For God has not destined us for wrath, but to obtain salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ,
2Ti 2:10 Therefore I endure everything for the sake of the elect, that they also may obtain the salvation that is in Christ Jesus with eternal glory.
2Ti 3:15 and how from childhood you have been acquainted with the sacred writings, which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith in Christ Jesus.
Tit 2:11 For the grace of God has appeared, bringing salvation for all people,
Heb 1:14 Are they not all ministering spirits sent out to serve for the sake of those who are to inherit salvation?
Heb 2:3 how shall we escape if we neglect such a great salvation? It was declared at first by the Lord, and it was attested to us by those who heard,
Heb 2:10 For it was fitting that he, for whom and by whom all things exist, in bringing many sons to glory, should make the founder of their salvation perfect through suffering.
Heb 5:9 And being made perfect, he became the source of eternal salvation to all who obey him,
Heb 6:9 Though we speak in this way, yet in your case, beloved, we feel sure of better things- things that belong to salvation.
1Pe 1:5 who by God's power are being guarded through faith for a salvation ready to be revealed in the last time.
1Pe 1:9 obtaining the outcome of your faith, the salvation of your souls.
1Pe 1:10 Concerning this salvation, the prophets who prophesied about the grace that was to be yours searched and inquired carefully,
1Pe 2:1 So put away all malice and all deceit and hypocrisy and envy and all slander.1Pe 2:2 Like newborn infants, long for the pure spiritual milk, that by it you may grow up to salvation-
blemish, and at peace.2Pe 3:15 And count the patience of our Lord as salvation, just as our beloved brother Paul also wrote to you according to the wisdom given him,
Jud 1:3 Beloved, although I was very eager to write to you about our common salvation, I found it necessary to write appealing to you to contend for the faith that was once for all delivered to the saints.
Rev 7:10 and crying out with a loud voice, "Salvation belongs to our God who sits on the throne, and to the Lamb!"
Rev 12:10 And I heard a loud voice in heaven, saying, "Now the salvation and the power and the kingdom of our God and the authority of his Christ have come, for the accuser of our brothers has been thrown down, who accuses them day and night before our God.
Rev 19:1 After this I heard what seemed to be the loud voice of a great multitude in heaven, crying out, "Hallelujah! Salvation and glory and power belong to our God,